<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>11 - What Are Demons</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x11-what-are-demons">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>11</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>What Are Demons?</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">W</span><span>hen people become aware of the reality of demons, two questions naturally arise: What kind of creatures are they? And what is their origin?</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">What Kind of Creatures?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I describe demons as disembodied spirit beings that have an intense craving to occupy physical bodies. Apparently their first choice is a human body; but rather than remain in a disembodied condition, they are willing to enter even the body of an animal (see Luke 8:32-33).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It is hard for us to entertain the idea of a person without a body. Nevertheless, even though demons have no bodies, they have all the normally accepted marks of personality:</span></p>

    <ol class="calibre4">
      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Will</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Emotion</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Intellect</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Self-awareness</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Ability to speak</span></li>
    </ol>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">1. Will</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The demon who has gone out of a man says, “I will return to my house from which I came” (Matthew 12:44). The demon here exercises its will to make a decision, and then follows it up with the corresponding action.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">2. Emotion</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“You believe that there is one God. You do well. Even the demons believe &ndash; and tremble!” (James 2:19). Trembling is an outward mark of strong emotion. As I have said, I have at times seen a demonized person, when confronted with the authority of Christ, begin to tremble violently. This may be an outward manifestation of the fear of the demon inside.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">3. Intellect</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Demons have knowledge not derived from natural sources. The first time Jesus confronted a demonized man in the synagogue in Capernaum, the demon spoke out of the man and said, “I know who You are &ndash; the Holy One of God!” (Mark 1:24). It was more than a year before Jesus’ own disciples began to realise what this demon had discerned immediately.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">4. Self-Awareness</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>When Jesus asked the demonized man in the country of the Gadarenes, “What is your name?” a demon answered on behalf of itself and the other demons, “My name is Legion; for we are many” (Mark 5:9). The demon was aware of both its own identity and that of the other demons occupying this man.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">5. Ability to Speak</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In the first three gospels and also in Acts, we see several examples of demons able to speak through the vocal organs of the persons they were occupying. They could answer questions and carry on a conversation. Normally we regard the ability to speak as a distinctive mark of personality.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Now to the second question.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">What Is Their Origin?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I have heard two main theories concerning the origin of demons.</span></p>

    <ol class="calibre4">
      <li class="points-space-before"><span>They are some of the fallen angels associated with Satan in his rebellion against God.</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>They are disembodied spirits of a pre-Adamic race that perished under some judgement of God not recorded in detail in Scripture.</span></li>
    </ol>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>I do not believe that Scripture provides us with sufficient evidence to say with certainty which, if either, of these theories is correct. I must say, however, that on the basis of my experience, I find it hard to believe that demons are fallen angels. It seems clear to me that even fallen angels still maintain their dwelling place somewhere in “the heavenly places” (Ephesians 6:12) &ndash; although not “in the third heaven” where God dwells (2&nbsp;Corinthians 12:2-4). It is not scriptural, therefore, to represent angels as operating continually on the plane of earth.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Demons, on the other hand, appear to be earthbound creatures.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Demons, as I have encountered them, display a wide range of character traits. Some are vicious, violent, supernaturally strong. Others are weak, cowering, even ridiculous &ndash; characteristics one would not expect to find in angels, even when they are fallen.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Let me illustrate from a particular case. A woman had asked me to cast the demons out of her husband. After I had prayed with him for a while, he showed signs of becoming violent. At this point his wife drew me aside and said, “At home he throws chairs at me.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span class="italic">Why didn’t she tell me that before she asked me to pray for him?</span> <span>I said to myself, resolving not to get myself in such a situation again!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>After a while, as I continued to pray for the man, what seemed to be the last demon spoke out from the man and said, “I’m unclean.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Not wishing to ask questions and embarrass the man in front of his wife, I said simply, “You demon of unclean thoughts, come out of this man!” The rather vague phrase “unclean thoughts,” I felt, would not be too embarrassing.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The demon, however, responded, “That’s not my name.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“Whether that’s your name or not, I don’t care,” I said. “I command you to come out in the name of Jesus!”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Eventually the demon came out of the man, but protesting to the last, “That’s not my name.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>My subjective opinion is that no angelic being, even a fallen angel, would behave that way.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Classical Greek literature may offer us some light on the nature of demons. The philosopher Socrates, for instance, acknowledged that he had a</span> <span class="italic">daimonion</span> <span>influencing some of his actions. This</span> <span class="italic">daimonion</span> <span>would never tell him positively what he should do, but would warn him negatively that he should not do certain things. One time, for example, a group of men were waiting for Socrates in the marketplace, planning to attack him. His</span> <span class="italic">daimonion</span> <span>warned him not to go to the marketplace that day.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In our terminology, we would probably classify that as the work of a divining spirit. It would be out of line with Greek thought, however, to suggest that Socrates had a fallen angel directing him.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I find it hard to believe that any angel would have the intense desire &ndash; which is characteristic of demons &ndash; to occupy a human body or, failing that, the body of an animal such as a pig. Surely, for an angel, that would be a place of confinement, not one through which such a being could express itself.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It is true that for the specific purpose of tempting Adam and Eve into rebellion, Satan did temporarily come to them in the form of a serpent. But subsequent passages of Scripture make it clear that he did not continue to occupy the body of a serpent.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Again in Luke 22:3-4 the writer records, “Then Satan entered Judas. .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. So he went his way and conferred with the chief priests and captains, how he might betray [Jesus] to them.” This does not necessarily indicate that Satan entered Judas in person.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Earlier the writer describes how Jesus healed a woman of a crippling back condition by casting “a spirit of infirmity” out of her (Luke 13:11). In commenting on this, Jesus described the woman as “a daughter of Abraham, whom Satan has bound .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. for eighteen years” (verse&nbsp;16). The actual, immediate cause of the woman’s condition was “a spirit of infirmity.” But since this spirit was directed and controlled by Satan, its activity was attributed to Satan himself. Jesus said that Satan had “bound” her.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Similarly, in bringing about the betrayal of Jesus, Satan may have acted through some demon that he caused to enter Judas. (It might have been a spirit of covetousness, since Judas was apparently motivated by the love of money.) Alternatively, if Satan did enter Judas in person, it would have been similar to his temptation of Adam and Eve. His appearance to them as a serpent was a special action that lasted only a short while.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The fact remains that up to this present time, Satan’s headquarters and permanent residence are still in “the heavenlies.”</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">From the Heavenlies or Earthbound?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In chapter 2 I pointed out that the Greek word for</span> <span class="italic">demon (diamonion)</span> <span>is derived from a primary word,</span> <span class="italic">daimon.</span> <span>What, then, is a</span> <span class="italic">daimon?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Greek mythology, which is at best a fractured mirror, depicts two main orders of “gods” who dwell in the “heavenlies.” The higher is called</span> <span class="italic">theos</span> <span>(plural</span> <span class="italic">theoi</span><span>). The lower order is called</span> <span class="italic">daimon.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One special function of the</span> <span class="italic">daimons</span> <span>was apparently to assign to each human being the destiny appointed for him by the</span> <span class="italic">theoi</span> <span>&ndash; the gods on the highest level. On a lower, earthly level are the</span> <span class="italic">daimonions</span> <span>(demons). They are dominated and directed by the “gods” on the higher level. Possibly the</span> <span class="italic">theoi</span> <span>direct the</span> <span class="italic">daimons,</span> <span>who in turn direct the</span> <span class="italic">daimonions.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It can be difficult for those who think only in English to form a clear picture of these three orders of spiritual beings, because English lacks the needed vocabulary. A</span> <span class="italic">theos</span> <span>is easily translated as a “god” and a</span> <span class="italic1">daimonion</span> <span>as a “demon,” but there is no obvious English word for the intermediate category, a</span> <span class="italic">daimon</span><span>. In this book I have chosen to use the transliterated form</span> <span class="italic">daimon.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It is possible that the two categories of</span> <span class="italic">theoi</span> <span>and</span> <span class="italic">daimons</span> <span>correspond to what Paul in Ephesians 6:12 calls “principalities and powers” [“rulers and authorities,” niv]. Both are apparently resident in “the heavenlies.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>On the other hand, the New Testament seems to picture</span> <span class="italic">daimonions</span> <span>(demons) as earthbound. There is no suggestion of their ever descending from, or ascending to, the heavenly regions.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In Matthew 12:43-44 Jesus gives a picture of the activity of a demon:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>“Now when the unclean spirit goes out of a man, it passes through waterless places, seeking rest, and does not find it. Then it says, ‘I will return to my house from which I came’; and when it comes, it finds it unoccupied, swept and put in order.”</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>(nasb)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There is no suggestion that the demon either descends from, or ascends to, the heavenly regions. The Greek verb translated “passes through” is apparently used only of movement on the plane of earth.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span class="italic">Theoi, daimons</span> <span>and</span> <span class="italic">daimonions</span> <span>are united in a ceaseless war against the human race. Under Satan’s domination they work together to inflict on humanity every possible form of harm, deception and torment.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Let us suppose for a moment that</span> <span class="italic">daimonions</span> <span>are spirits that once occupied the bodies of members of some pre-Adamic race who led ungodly and sinful lives. In their present condition, however, they have no way to give expression to the various lusts and passions and emotions they developed in their former bodies. It is conceivable that they could find some kind of vicarious release by acting out their lusts or passions or emotions through human bodies. This would explain one dominant characteristic of demons: their intense craving to inhabit and work through human flesh.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>We need to remember that the Bible records only the history of the race descended from Adam. In this connection it uses the phrase</span> <span class="italic">sons</span> <span>(or</span> <span class="italic">descendants</span><span>)</span> <span class="italic">of Adam.</span> <span>It was to redeem the members of this race that Jesus came as “the last Adam” (1&nbsp;Corinthians 15:45). If other races existed before Adam, the Bible makes no explicit reference to them. In his book</span> <span class="italic">Earth’s Earliest Ages</span> <span>(1876, reprinted by Kregel in 1975), G.&nbsp;H. Pember deals at length with this question.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I consider this theory of the origin of demons to be one possible hypothesis, but I am content not to pursue it further. There are some things God keeps secret (see Deuteronomy 29:29), and it is foolish to try to pry His secrets from Him.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It may be that neither of the two theories about demons is correct &ndash; that they are neither fallen angels nor disembodied spirits from an earlier race of beings. Our concept of demons, however, has a practical bearing on how we deal with them. I have confronted many demons of different kinds, but have never had the impression that I was dealing with angelic beings.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>On the other hand, I have had a certain amount of contact with satanic angels through intercessory prayer and spiritual warfare, which could best be described in the words of Paul in Ephesians 6:12: “For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against .&nbsp;.&nbsp;. the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The New Testament does not depict Jesus or His apostles as “wrestling” with demons. Rather, they confronted demons (as I said in chapter 3) and exercised the authority needed to expel them.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">Demons in Scripture</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Demons manifest themselves through humanity under many different names. The following is a list of specific names actually applied to demons in Scripture. Since translations vary in their use of names, I have given the name used in three translations, in the following order: the New King James Version, the New American Standard Bible and the New International Version. In each case the Scripture reference follows.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">In the Old Testament</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Jealousy/jealousy/feelings of jealousy: Numbers 5:14, 30</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Ill will/evil/evil: Judges 9:23</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Distressing/evil/evil: 1 Samuel 16:14-23; 18:10; 19:9</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Lying/deceiving/lying: 1 Kings 22:22; 2 Chronicles 18:20-22</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Perverse/distortion/dizziness: Isaiah 9:14</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Deep sleep/deep sleep/deep sleep: Isaiah 29:10</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Heaviness/fainting/despair: Isaiah 61:3</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Harlotry/harlotry/prostitution: Hosea 4:12; 5:4</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Unclean/unclean/impurity: Zechariah 13:2</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">In the New Testament</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Mute/mute/robbed of speech: Mark 9:17</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Deaf and dumb/deaf and dumb/deaf and mute: Mark 9:25</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Infirmity/causing sickness/crippling: Luke 13:11</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Divination/divination/predicting the future: Acts 16:16</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Deceiving/deceitful/deceiving: 1&nbsp;Timothy 4:1</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Fear/timidity/timidity: 2&nbsp;Timothy 1:7</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Error/error/falsehood: 1&nbsp;John 4:6</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span class="heading2">Other Demons</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In addition to the names taken from Scripture and listed above, I will add some other names of demons that I have encountered personally.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">In the Area of Physical Infirmity</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Arthritis</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Asthma</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Cancer</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Crippling</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Epilepsy</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Head pain</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Migraine</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Sinusitis</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Thrombosis</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">In Other, More General Areas</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Adultery</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Claustrophobia</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Criticism</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Disappointment</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Envy</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Fantasy</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Gossip</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Hatred</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Hopelessness</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Masturbation</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Murder</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Perversion</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Rebellion</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Rejection</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Religion</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Self-pity</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Stress</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Suicide</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Violence</span></p>

    <p class="tablebody"><span>Witchcraft</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>The lists given above are by no means exhaustive, but indicate the diversity of demonic activity. Satan apparently has at his disposal vast numbers of demons with which to assail and torment humanity.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Now we will go on to the second of our seven questions.</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
