<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>6 - Confrontation with Demons</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x6-confrontation-with-demons">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>6</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>Confrontation with Demons</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">I</span><span>n 1957 I left my pastorate in London, and Lydia and I went out to Kenya as educational missionaries. We became friends with a team of African evangelists who used to describe to us their personal encounters with demons.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>On one occasion they were ministering to an uneducated African woman who spoke only her own tribal dialect. But the demon spoke out of the woman in English: “You can’t cast us out; you don’t have enough education.” To which my friends replied, “We’re not casting you out because we have education, but because we’re servants of the Lord Jesus Christ!”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I knew my friends well enough to be convinced that they were not exaggerating or fantasising. Their accounts of their dealings with demons reminded me of incidents recorded in the New Testament. But I did not know what to do with this information. Busy with my work as principal of a teacher training college, I put it in my “pending” file.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>After serving for five years, Lydia and I left Kenya and travelled and ministered for two years in Europe, Britain, Canada and the United States. Then, in 1963, I accepted a position as pastor of a small Pentecostal congregation in Seattle.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One Saturday I received a phone call at home from Eric Watson, a charismatic Baptist pastor I knew slightly.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“I have a woman here,” he said, “who’s been baptised in the Holy Spirit. But she needs deliverance from evil spirits.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I had never heard a Baptist pastor talk like that before. What followed was even more unexpected.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“The Lord has shown me that you and your wife are to be the instruments of her deliverance,” he continued. “And it’s to happen today.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I was somewhat taken aback. I was certainly not prepared to let another person make such a decision for me. So I breathed a quick prayer:</span> <span class="italic">Lord, is this from You? Do You really want me to do what he says?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>To my surprise I sensed the Lord respond,</span> <span class="italic">Yes, this is from Me.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“All right,” I said to the pastor. “Bring the woman over.”</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">The First Battle</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>While Lydia and I were waiting for Pastor Watson and the woman, we received a surprise visit from John and Sherry Faulkner, a Presbyterian couple who had recently been baptised in the Holy Spirit. We told them about the visitors we were expecting and invited them to stay and pray.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Then Eric Watson arrived with a fair-haired, blue-eyed woman he introduced as Mrs. Esther Henderson. I scanned her closely, looking for some outward evidence of her strange spiritual condition &ndash; a wild look in her eye, perhaps, or a metallic ring in her voice. But she seemed to be a perfectly ordinary, middle-class American housewife, somewhere in her middle thirties, I judged. She did not seem nervous or frightened.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Pastor Watson got down to business immediately. He sat Esther down in a chair and explained, “She’s been delivered from a demon of nicotine, but there are others.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Listening to what he had to say, I decided to remain neutral until the Lord gave me some clarity or direction.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Pastor Watson stood in front of Esther and said in a loud voice, “You evil spirits, I command you to come out of Esther!”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>When there was no obvious response, his voice grew louder and he repeated the same words: “I command you to come out!”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Still nothing happened.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“I know you are there,” the pastor continued, “and I command you to come out, in the name of Jesus!”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The moment he mentioned the name of Jesus, there was a definite reaction from Esther. As I watched closely, her countenance changed. It was as though another personality was coming to the surface. A yellow, sulphurous glow appeared in the centre of each eyeball. I knew there was another power inside this ordinary-looking Baptist housewife.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Eric Watson continued to stand and shout at whatever it was. Apparently he felt that shouting gave him more authority. But after a while, seeming to realise he was making no progress, he looked questioningly toward me.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I had been thinking it over, recalling especially the methods of Jesus. So I took my stand in front of Esther and said something like this: “Now, you evil spirit that’s in this woman, I’m talking to you and not to the woman. What is your name? In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I command you to answer me.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The answer came immediately &ndash; just one syllable, uttered with incredible venom: “Hate!”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Everything in the woman’s face registered pure, undiluted hatred. Never in all my life had I seen such hatred in anybody’s eyes.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The promptness of the demon’s answer took me by surprise. I did not know what to do next. But I decided to follow the instructions Jesus had given His disciples.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ,” I commanded, “you spirit of hate, come out of this woman.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>An insolent voice, not in the least like Esther’s, replied, “This is my house. I’ve lived here 35 years. And I’m not coming out.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Unbidden, there came to my mind the Bible passage in which the unclean spirit that goes out of a man says, “I will return to my house from which I came” (Matthew 12:44). So the demon’s reference to Esther as “my house” was in line with Scripture.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>With this in mind, I said to the demon, “In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, you are coming out.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The demon continued to defy me while I continued to say, “In the name of the Lord Jesus, you are coming out!”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It was a real conflict of wills. It seemed that I had to beat the demon down stage by stage. Each stage took quite a while. But the more I quoted Scripture and used the name of Jesus, the more I gained ascendancy over my enemy. Eventually the demon began to bargain with me. “If I come out,” it said, “I’ll come back.” I said, “No, you’ll come out and you’ll stay out.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Then it said, “Well, even if I come out, my brothers are here and they’ll kill her.” I said, “No, you’ll come out first and your brothers will come out after you.” At the same time, I realised I had picked up a useful piece of information. Apparently there was more than one demon there.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Then the demon said, “Even if we come out of her, we’ve still got her daughter.” I said, “No, you’ll come out of Esther first and then you’ll come out of her daughter.” I had not known that Esther had a daughter, but I was following a simple principle: Whatever the demon said, I said the opposite.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>At this point the demon changed its tactics. Without any warning Esther’s arms rose up and crossed over her throat, and she began to throttle herself with her own hands. Her face turned purple and her eyes began to protrude out of her head. John Faulkner, the Presbyterian, who was taller and heavier than I, joined me, and with our united strength we finally succeeded in pulling Esther’s hands away from her throat. Her strength was supernatural.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Then I returned to my battle with the demon. I began to feel a tremendous pressure inside my belly, like an inflated balloon, that seemed to be pushing against the demon in Esther. Suddenly a hissing sound came out of Esther’s mouth. Her head fell forward limply and her body relaxed. At the same time, the “balloon” inside me was deflated. I knew the demon had gone out.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Soon, however, Esther stiffened up again and the “balloon” inside me was reinflated. I realised I was in contact with one of what the demon had called its “brothers.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I went through the same procedure with the next demon, which named itself as fear. After another battle, it, too, came out. Once again Esther relaxed and the “balloon” inside me was deflated. Becoming tired, I stepped back and one of the other people took over, following more or less the same procedure that I had established.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>By the time the struggle ended, nearly everyone present had participated. In all, the session lasted about five hours.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>After fear, the next demons that named themselves and came out were pride, jealousy and self-pity.</span> <span class="italic">So self-pity can be a demon!</span> <span>I said to myself. I was beginning to understand why some people could never seem to keep a positive, scriptural attitude during difficult circumstances. In fact, this whole process was opening up a new window through which I would henceforth view people’s behaviour and the forces that motivated them.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The next demon that named itself and came out was infidelity. I understood this as a spiritual force that sought to drive a married woman &ndash; and perhaps a married man also &ndash; to sexual immorality.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The next demon that named itself was death. At first I was sceptical. I had always regarded death as a purely physical condition. Then I recalled the horse in Revelation 6 whose rider was named Death. So death could be a person! Did that mean it could be a demon, too?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Intrigued, I said to this spirit of death, “When did you enter this woman?”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“About three and a half years ago,” it replied, “when she nearly died on the operating table.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>When the spirit of death finally came out, Esther was stretched on her back on the floor. Her skin was waxy and cold, her face like a death mask. There was no hint of colour anywhere in it. Anyone walking into the living room at that moment would have concluded that there was a dead woman on the floor.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I recalled the incident after Jesus had delivered a boy from a deaf and dumb spirit, and the boy “became as one dead, so that many said, ‘He is dead.’ But Jesus took him by the hand and lifted him up, and he arose” (Mark 9:26-27).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Esther lay there for about ten minutes, then raised her hands and began to praise the Lord and speak in tongues. Finally, her strength beginning to return, she stood up. After about half an hour, we handed her over to Pastor Watson, who put her into his car and drove her home.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Lydia and I went back into our house where the Faulkners were waiting. We all looked at one another in amazement. Then someone said, “Let’s have a cup of tea!”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>As we talked it over, we were all excited. For the first time we had seen a dramatic, objective, supernatural demonstration of the authority Jesus had given us over demons.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">Another Captive Set Free</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>About halfway through the following week, Esther Henderson phoned my wife and said, “I think they’re trying to come back. Could you come out and help me?”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>We drove out to Esther’s home to counsel and pray with her. It seemed that the demons were oppressing her with fear, seeking to use that as a door of re-entry. We encouraged her to take her stand on the words of James 4:7: “Submit to God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>While we were there, Esther’s youngest child, a little girl of six, lingered in the background. Rose was a thin, unhappy, withdrawn child. Each time I looked her in the face, she averted her eyes and bent her head down. She was, I learned, considered retarded.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Eventually I said to Esther, “I know the devil can’t be trusted to speak the truth, but when those demons said they had your daughter, I believe they must have been speaking the truth.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“Would you pray for her?” Esther replied.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>So Lydia and I made an appointment for her to bring Rose to our home for prayer the following Saturday. Then we invited the Faulkners to come and support us in prayer.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>That Saturday, before we began to pray in our living room, I asked Esther how much she remembered of what had happened to her the previous Saturday. She remembered nothing, she said, from the time the demon of hate took over until she found herself lying on her back on the floor, praising God. The demons had completely submerged her personality and used her voice and features as channels through which they could express themselves. Esther also confirmed, when we asked her, that she had undergone a serious operation three and a half years previously and had nearly died on the operating table.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Now, when we began to pray for Rose, we followed much the same procedure as we had with Esther. Demons manifested themselves once again and took control of Rose’s countenance and features. They also spoke through the child’s lips.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I turned to Esther at one point and said, “Is that your daughter’s voice?”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Bewildered, she replied, “It isn’t even like my daughter’s voice. I never expected anything like this.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Some of the demons in Rose had the same names as those in her mother, but there were not so many. As with Esther, the first one to manifest itself was hate, and the last was death. When death came out, Rose was stretched out on the floor looking like a corpse, just as her mother had been.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Once Esther and Rose were fully delivered, it seemed right to commit them to Pastor Eric Watson for ongoing spiritual oversight. I did maintain contact with Esther, however, for the next two years. During that time she apparently made good spiritual progress, although from time to time she still had to fight off demonic attacks.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>As for Rose, she was transformed into a normal, happy little girl who was no longer considered retarded. The demons, it seemed, had been suppressing her natural personality and intelligence.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>These experiences with Esther and Rose caused me to look at my congregation in a new light. I saw traits and forces at work in them that I had never understood. Could it be that they, too, had demons at work within them? If it was true of a “good” Baptist like Esther, could it also apply to “good” Pentecostals?</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
