e:/root/.pen/documents/notes/ws/discipleship-group/weekly-journal/2024-week-1.org

#+BEGIN_SRC bash -n :i bash :async :results verbatim code :lang text
  Genesis 3:15
#+END_SRC

#+RESULTS:
#+begin_src text
Genesis 3:15
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
And I will put enmity Between you and the
woman, And between your seed and her seed; He
shall bruise you on the head, And you shall
bruise him on the heel.”

(NASB)
#+end_src

Luke 1 - Jesus's birth

#+BEGIN_SRC bash -n :i bash :async :results verbatim code :lang text
  Luke 1:32
#+END_SRC

#+RESULTS:
#+begin_src text
Luke 1:32
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
He will be great and will be called the Son of
the Most High; and the Lord God will give Him
the throne of His father David;

(NASB)
#+end_src

Isaiah 14 - the devil, for contrast

#+BEGIN_SRC bash -n :i bash :async :results verbatim code :lang text
  Isaiah 14:13-19
#+END_SRC

#+RESULTS:
#+begin_src text
Isaiah 14:13-19
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
“But you said in your heart, ‘I will ascend to
heaven; I will raise my throne above the stars
of God, And I will sit on the mount of
assembly In the recesses of the north.

‘I will ascend above the heights of the
clouds; I will make myself like the Most
High.’ “Nevertheless you will be thrust down
to Sheol, To the recesses of the pit.

“Those who see you will gaze at you, They will
ponder over you, saying, ‘Is this the man who
made the earth tremble, Who shook kingdoms,
Who made the world like a wilderness And
overthrew its cities, Who did not allow his
prisoners to go home?’ “All the kings of the
nations lie in glory, Each in his own tomb.

“But you have been cast out of your tomb Like
a rejected branch, Clothed with the slain who
are pierced with a sword, Who go down to the
stones of the pit Like a trampled corpse.

(NASB)
#+end_src

God set before us life and death.

#+BEGIN_SRC bash -n :i bash :async :results verbatim code :lang text
  Deuteronomy 30:19-20
#+END_SRC

#+RESULTS:
#+begin_src text
Deuteronomy 30:19-20
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
I call heaven and earth to witness against you
today, that I have set before you life and
death, the blessing and the curse.

So choose life in order that you may live, you
and your descendants, by loving the LORD your
God, by obeying His voice, and by holding fast
to Him; for this is your life and the length
of your days, that you may live in the land
which the LORD swore to your fathers, to
Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give them.”

(NASB)
#+end_src

