<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>15 - Is Witchcraft Still At Work Today</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x15-is-witchcraft-still-at-work-today">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>15</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>Is Witchcraft Still at Work Today?</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">A</span><span>s we trace the tortuous, deceptive paths of demonic activity and the occult, we discover that they all proceed from one primal source:</span> <span class="italic">witchcraft.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Witchcraft is the universal, primeval religion of fallen humanity. When the human race turned from God in rebellion, the power that moved in was witchcraft. As the Bible says, “Rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft” (1 Samuel 15:23). Each people group practices its own distinctive form of witchcraft, but certain elements are common to almost all of them.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In many parts of the world, the open practice of witchcraft has continued unchanged for centuries. In nations with a Christian history, primarily in the West, witchcraft has adapted itself to the culture and takes certain special forms. Previously confined to a small minority, in these last decades it has become continually more blatant and aggressive.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The supernatural element in witchcraft fascinates many people in our contemporary, materialistic Western culture. Where people are familiar only with a form of religion (whether church or synagogue) that operates solely on a material and intellectual plane, they are prone to look for an alternative that offers the supernatural, particularly if it offers</span> <span class="italic">power.</span> <span>This is why multitudes of such people are now turning to some form of witchcraft.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One purpose common to all forms of witchcraft is control. Whenever any religious activity seeks to control other people, the influence of witchcraft is probably at work. Some reading this chapter know exactly what I am talking about because they have escaped from Satan’s clutches. Others will grasp at this opportunity to find their way out. Still others will utilise this information to help set people free.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The primitive practice of witchcraft normally contains the following elements: a priesthood (witch doctor, medicine man, shaman); a ritual or liturgy (which may take various forms); a sacrifice (animal or human); some characteristic form of music (often incantation or drumbeats); and some form of covenant binding the participants to one another and to whatever satanic being is the focus of their activity. The word</span> <span class="italic">coven</span> <span>(a gathering of witches) is probably derived from the same root as</span> <span class="italic">covenant.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>These are the four main aims of witchcraft:</span></p>

    <ol class="calibre4">
      <li class="points-space-before"><span>To propitiate a higher spiritual being, often regarded as capricious or malevolent</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>To control the forces of nature, such as rain or good weather for harvest</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>To ward off sickness and infertility, as in Africa, where almost every barren woman will go to the witch doctor for a potion or charm</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>To control other human beings &ndash; to terrify enemies in battle or to produce sexual desire in one person toward another</span></li>
    </ol>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">Four Levels of Modern Witchcraft</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>The Westernised, “modern” practice of witchcraft contains the same elements. It operates on at least four levels:</span></p>

    <ol class="calibre4">
      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Open, public, “respectable”</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>“Underground” &ndash; covens</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Fifth column, disguised within society and the Church</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>A work of the flesh</span></li>
    </ol>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">1. Open, Public, “Respectable”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Operating in its real nature, witchcraft teaches and practices the worship of Satan. The Church of Satan has its own web site on the Internet, which presents it as a “respectable” church. But those who have come out of its clutches will tell you that the central satanic ceremony is a “black mass” &ndash; a blasphemous parody of a Christian Communion service. The dominant motivation is a deliberate, conscious hatred and rejection of Jesus Christ. The main enemy is the Christian Church.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">2. “Underground” &ndash; Covens</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Witchcraft covens usually meet at night to offer sacrifices and to initiate new members. One central element in the practice of witchcraft (as we saw in the testimony at the end of the last chapter) is sacrifice. Usually the sacrifices are animal &ndash; a dog, cat, rat or some other small animal. According to my understanding, however, the sacrifice is, whenever possible, human, usually a baby. There are also reported incidents of young people being required to kill and even behead victims as part of their initiation into witchcraft.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The “god” of witchcraft is Satan. Its adherents are bound to him and to one another by a covenant committing them to absolute secrecy concerning their activities.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>What attracts people to Satanism? I believe it is the offer of supernatural power. Once convinced of the power they have acquired, Satanists are often bold and aggressive.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>A Christian friend of mine was sitting on an aeroplane next to a woman who refused all the food that was served. The woman told my friend she was fasting and praying.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“I’m a Christian, too,” my friend said, “and sometimes I fast and pray.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“Oh, no!” the woman replied. “I’m not a Christian, I’m a Satanist.” She went on to explain that she had two main objectives in her prayer: the break-up of Christian marriages and the downfall of leading Christian ministers.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Statistics released in recent decades must surely have encouraged her to believe that her prayers were very effective.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I once received a pathetic letter from a woman in Texas who listened regularly to my radio broadcast. She was a witch, she said, and had been assigned to a certain church to plant doubt and unbelief in the hearts and minds of new or weak Christians. She had succeeded in drawing away three such people. Then she wrote, “Do you believe I can be forgiven and receive salvation from Jesus?” I replied that God is infinitely merciful, even though it might be a struggle for her to be totally free, and I directed her to a local pastor.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">3. Fifth Column, Disguised</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I will not attempt to present all the forms taken by witchcraft to entice innocent people into the worship of Satan. I will merely offer some examples.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">Rock Music</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>Rock music is one of the main channels, and its potential for harm is fearsome. Here is a letter I received recently from a 33-year-old man. (A member of my staff responded and sought to help him.) I obtained permission to quote it:</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Dear Mr. Prince,</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I am writing to you today to tell you of my struggles with demonization. I know what I write probably won’t be new for you, but to friends, family and church leaders, I must look like a psychopath.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>It all started when I was sixteen and started listening to one of my brother’s rock albums. This was not just any rock album, but a very demonic album. The album was by Black Sabbath, and the cover had 666 on the top with a demonic-looking creature peering at you. On the inside of the album was a picture of a man in bed with several demons (at least six or seven) around him as if to pounce on him. The look on the man’s face was pure agony. I only listened to it once or twice, but that was too many.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>One day I heard a very peculiar noise coming from the stereo cabinet. When I bent over to reach for the doors, a force went in me or through me and pushed me back. This was a very distinct force, and I am sure that demons were involved. I had a thought that I should hide the album so no one could throw it away &ndash; surely this was from the demons. To this day I can’t remember where I hid it, even though I pray for remembrance.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Well, ever since then my life has been a living hell. These demons hold me down and paralyse me when I start to fall asleep. I can’t move, speak or open my eyes. All I can do is cry out mentally for Jesus to help me. These demons are vicious; they rape me in every way imaginable. (I could get graphic and give a more detailed account, but I don’t think that would be appropriate at this time.) This was an every-night ordeal for me from the time I was sixteen until I was 31. The sexual abuse started to subside when I started attending Bible study and church regularly.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Now, I know what you’re probably thinking: “Are you saved, and is Jesus Lord of your life?” I said the Lord’s Prayer when I was twelve with my mother at my side and have said it hundreds of times since then. This is due mainly to the fact that Christian friends, and everyone in any of the churches and Bible studies I’ve been to, tell me this can’t happen to a Christian. So, you see, I’m waiting for signs of my salvation by the evidence of my life getting back to normal. It is hard to believe or have faith when you are bombarded with so many conflicting reports. I can’t even think straight anymore, or hold down a job for more than six to twelve months. I’m not stupid; I earned an engineering degree. I’m just confused.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I come from a so-called Christian family; both my parents are born again, along with one of my two sisters. My only brother is not. My parents are supporters of your ministry but I don’t think they believe in demonization of people. I think this is because every time I bring it up, my father will weakly and timidly tell me to rebuke it in the name of Jesus and turn and walk away. My mother, on the other hand, refuses to acknowledge it and has even told my sister to stop discussing it with me. My mother’s side of the family has a potential demonic nature; her father (dead) was a Freemason and her mother (also dead) and two surviving sisters (living) out of three are involved with Eastern Star.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I know this letter sounds really crazy, but I hope it makes a little sense to you, and I wish I could tell you more, but that would mean writing a book.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Isn’t this tragic? A professing Christian is tormented by demons but receives no understanding, much less help, from fellow Christians. (I mentioned the danger of Freemasonry and its women’s affiliate, Eastern Star, in chapter 12.)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Obviously the young man was foolish to expose himself to forces so obviously satanic. But others are exposed to similar satanic forces in less obvious forms. The combined elements at a rock concert or discotheque, for example, also open the way for demons: deafening music with an insistent, repetitive beat; lyrics that range from mindless to blasphemous; strobe lights constantly fluctuating in colour and intensity. The impact can break down a person’s ability to reason or exercise moral judgement, and thus open the way for demons, especially if alcohol or drugs are involved.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">New Age Cults, Religions and Practices</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The fifth column operation of witchcraft is continually expanding. One major “front” is the strange assortment of cults, religions and philosophies grouped loosely under the banner of the New Age. Unfortunately, many who sincerely think of themselves as Christians are being drawn in by its seductive promises and deceptive terminology. Some who desire to stay healthy and fit, for example, do not realise that many health food stores are permeated with New Age products and teaching materials.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Likewise, many people are drawn into the occult and opened up to demonic forces through hypnosis. Some people are intrigued by hypnosis as “innocent” entertainment, perhaps on TV. Others come under Satan’s power through a medical practitioner, for treatment of psychiatric problems or as a form of “anesthesia” for surgical procedures.<a class="calibre2" href="#x3-anchor">3</a></span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Another occult practice that opens the door to demons is acupuncture. Some physicians and other medical personnel today justify its use on the ground that “it works!” But an analysis of its occult background reveals that acupuncture will never ultimately promote the well-being of those who submit to it.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The following warning comes from a Chinese doctor in Malaysia:</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>About eight years ago, at a retreat in Singapore, God spoke to me about the dangers of acupuncture and its link to the occult, especially its inseparable origin with traditional Chinese religion. I immediately renounced my practice of acupuncture &ndash; a skill I learned in Hong Kong and practised successfully for five years.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>As soon as I came back home, I announced to my startled staff of doctors, nurses and patients that acupuncture is dangerous and that I had renounced it and would not practice it anymore. I gathered all my machines, needles, books, diploma and charts and made a great bonfire of them publicly. The total cost of the items was about $15,000 &ndash; but the blessings after that were priceless because:</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>1. My wife, who had suffered from chronic migraine and had acupuncture, done by me many times before, was immediately healed without medicine or prayer.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>2. My unexplained fear of darkness immediately vanished.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>3. My medical practice, instead of suffering a loss, received a double-fold increase in blessings.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>About three years ago we saw a very unusual case during a healing rally in Kuching, East Malaysia. A Christian lady came forward for prayer regarding her rheumatism. As soon as we started, the Lord gave a word of knowledge that she had submitted herself to acupuncture treatment in the past. She confirmed it, but each time she tried to renounce it, she was thrown onto the floor screaming in severe pain.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>We realised that she was being tormented by demons that had gained entry to her body through acupuncture. After we took authority over the demons and cast them out in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, she was delivered and totally healed. She then told us that each time she had tried to renounce acupuncture, invisible needles began to pierce her over the parts of her body where she had previously submitted herself to treatment.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Let me end by relating a tragic case. The Christian brother who taught me acupuncture suffered from severe depression and committed suicide under mysterious circumstances. The world does not know the whole truth, because he had everything in life, but I think I know: He came under a curse and paid for it with his life.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">4. A Work of the Flesh (“Sinful Nature,” NIV)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Now that we have examined three main forms of witchcraft as a supernatural force (the open, public form; the underground form; and the fifth column), we must expose the root. It is the least recognised operation, but it permeates society and the Church.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In Galatians 5:19-21 Paul lists the works of the “flesh” (“sinful nature,” niv). In the middle he mentions “idolatry, sorcery” (nkjv) or “idolatry and witchcraft” (niv). As I said at the beginning of this chapter, the root of witchcraft lies in our flesh &ndash; our fallen, rebellious, sinful nature.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This nature often manifests itself, even in infancy, in efforts to control other people. We feel secure if we can control others. Then they do not threaten us; they do what we want. God, on the other hand, never seeks to control us. He respects the free will He has given each of us, although He does hold us responsible for how we use that freedom.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are three ways the desire to control others expresses itself:</span> <span class="italic">manipulation, intimidation</span> <span>and</span> <span class="italic">domination.</span> <span>The goal is domination. People who recognise that they are weaker than those they seek to control tend to manipulate; those who feel stronger tend to intimidate. But the end purpose is the same: to dominate &ndash; that is, to control others and get them to do what we want.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Many family relationships portray this. Husbands intimidate their wives by fits of rage or actual violence. Wives manipulate their husbands by tears and hurt feelings, and often by making them feel guilty for their shortcomings. Parents frequently intimidate or manipulate their children. But, alternatively, children can become extremely adept at manipulating their parents.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One main tool of manipulation is</span> <span class="italic">guilt.</span> <span>A mother may say to her son, “Honey, if you love Mother, you’ll run to the store and get me a pack of cigarettes.” How does that affect the child? He is made to feel guilty if he does not do what Mother asks. It will be taken as a sign that he does not love her. That is not a fair way to treat a child.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Alternatively, however, a child may manipulate his mother. When she is entertaining guests, he comes and asks to watch a forbidden TV programme. He knows Mother is very careful to protect him from harmful influences, but he calculates that she will not risk his tantrum by refusing him in front of her guests.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Once we learn to recognise the desire to control others as an evil, manipulative force, we will see it at work in many different areas.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In religion it may be in the way a preacher appeals for an offering: “God has shown me that there are ten people here tonight who will each give a thousand dollars.” Or he shows tear-jerking pictures of starving children in a distant land, and anyone who does not respond is made to feel guilty:</span> <span class="italic">Perhaps I am one of those ten people</span> <span>or</span> <span class="italic">If I don’t give something for those children, I must be a heartless person.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In politics it may be in the way a candidate subtly appeals to racial prejudice in order to win votes. In business it is often expressed in advertising that entices people to want what they do not need and to buy what they cannot afford. In every case it is evil.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Once we recognise these devices as disguises of witchcraft, we realise that in our contemporary culture we are being exposed continually to its pressure. This gives new meaning to Paul’s statement in 2 Corinthians 4:4 that “the god of this age has blinded the minds of unbelievers” (niv).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Repeated yielding to any fleshly lust can open the way for a corresponding demon to enter. This applies to all the works of the flesh listed in Galatians 5:19-21. A person who yields regularly to fornication or jealousy or envy (to name but three) will probably be taken over by the corresponding demon.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This applies no less to witchcraft. People who habitually use manipulation or intimidation to control others will be taken over by a demon of witchcraft. After that they will be unable to relate to anyone apart from these tactics. Now it will be no longer just the flesh at work, but a new, supernatural power that can bring the person(s) they control into a condition of spiritual slavery.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I have seen this demonic power at work between mother and daughter. A mother may decide that her daughter should marry a man from a certain racial background or social level. Then, if the man the daughter chooses does not meet the mother’s criteria, the spirit of witchcraft in the mother will cause her to react in such a way that she actually puts a curse on her daughter and prospective son-in-law. The curse may take a verbal form: “If you marry that man, you’ll never have enough. He’ll never provide for you.” As a result, the couple will find themselves struggling continually against pressures and frustrations for which they can find no obvious cause.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The demon of witchcraft can also work in many other kinds of relationships. Sometimes a pastor seeks to control the members of his staff or even his whole congregation. Or a business executive may intimidate his subordinates. Or a political leader diverts the attention of his people from their own desperate need by stirring up hatred against some “enemy” nation.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Whenever this kind of controlling relationship exists between two people, the person being controlled almost invariably needs deliverance from witchcraft. Likewise, the person exercising control needs deliverance. But each person must meet the conditions for being delivered. On one side, the person exercising control must repent and renounce his or her desire to control. On the other side, the person being controlled must repent of submitting to such control and must sever the binding relationship.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">The Way Out</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In chapter 21 I will give thorough teaching on how to be set free, but let me say at this point that people who have participated in satanic worship and have exercised the power Satan gave them must be very determined (as I told the woman from Texas) if they are to be set free. The spiritual struggle will probably be intense.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Lydia and I were once part of a small group ministering to a young woman who told us she had been a priestess of Satan but had repented and longed to be free. At one point she showed us her ring symbolising her marriage to Satan. At our urging she finally removed it &ndash; but then the demon compelled her to swallow it! One of our workers, a young man, received a supernatural anointing of faith and commanded the woman to regurgitate the ring, which she promptly did. The young man then picked up the ring and threw it into a nearby lake.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The young woman’s deliverance was consummated when she made a public confession to a group of Christians and burned every garment she had ever worn while worshipping Satan. This was in line with the biblical exhortation to “[hate] even the garment defiled by the flesh” (Jude 23).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The actual experience of deliverance, however, is not the end of the conflict. A person who has made a conscious, unreserved commitment to Satan is still regarded by him as his property, held by him in eternal bondage. He will seek continually to re-establish his control, using every kind of demon under his command.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>So Satan’s former victim will need the help of a committed company of believers to stand with him. He needs to learn to resist every pressure, continually affirming and reaffirming the Scriptures that guarantee deliverance and victory. In this Jesus Himself is our example. Each time He was approached by Satan with a temptation, He countered with one, all-sufficient response: “It is written . . .” (Matthew 4:1-11). Satan has no answer to the written Word of God.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In the wisdom of God, this process of continually resisting every demonic pressure serves a positive purpose. When a person has been enslaved by Satan, the inner walls of his or her personality have been broken down. After deliverance, in order to retain freedom, the protecting walls must be rebuilt. The continuously repeated assertion of appropriate Scriptures gradually rebuilds the walls. Once they are firmly in place, the satanic pressures will gradually diminish and eventually cease. Satan is too clever to send his troops into a battle he knows he can no longer win.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>How can people protect themselves from deception? There is only one door (as I explained in the previous chapter) that leads into the Kingdom of God: Jesus, who is “the way, the truth, and the life” (John 14:6). Those who enter the realm of the supernatural through any other door find themselves in the kingdom of darkness, not of light.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>We must be on our guard, as I will explain in chapter 16, that we are not deceived into following “another Jesus” &ndash; one who does not correspond with the Jesus portrayed in the Bible and who will not lead us into the truth.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There is also only one absolute standard of truth. In John 17:17 Jesus says to the Father, “Your word is truth.” Anything that does not harmonise with the Bible is error. For this reason it is important that we study the basic truths and principles of the Bible, so that we are always ready to apply this test to anything that claims our credence. But again, we must be on our guard. Not everyone who glibly quotes the Scripture practices obedience to it. (See my booklet</span> <span class="italic">Protection from Deception.</span><span>)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Now let us proceed to the sixth commonly asked question concerning the realm of the demonic.</span></p><a class="calibre3" id="x3-anchor"></a>

    <p class="footnote"><span>3. In late 1997 more than 700 people, mostly school children, were taken to hospital with convulsions triggered by watching an animated cartoon on television. According to Reuters, “The blame was put on a scene depicting an explosion followed by five seconds of flashing red lights from the eyes of ‘Pikachu,’ a rat-like creature. . . . Children went into a trance-like state, similar to hypnosis, complaining of shortness of breath, nausea, and bad vision when the rat-like creature’s eyes flashed.”</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
