<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>copyright</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="copyright">
    <p class="copyright-page"><span>THEY SHALL EXPEL DEMONS</span></p>

    <p class="copyright-page"><span>© 1998 Derek Prince Ministries-International</span></p>

    <p class="copyright-page"><span>Published by Derek Prince Ministries-UK 1998</span></p>

    <p class="copyright-page"><span>All rights reserved.</span></p>

    <p class="copyright-page"><span>No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by means of any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher.</span></p>

    <p class="copyright-page"><span>ISBN 978-1-901144-56-7</span></p>

    <p class="copyright-page"><span>Names of persons in this book have been changed to protect privacy.</span></p>

    <p class="copyright-page"><span>Unless otherwise noted, Scripture is from the New King James Version. Copyright © 1979, 1980, 1982 by Thomas Nelson, Inc. Used by permission. All rights reserved.</span></p>

    <p class="copyright-page"><span>Scripture marked nasb is taken from the NEW AMERICAN STANDARD BIBLE®, copyright © The Lockman Foundation 1960, 1962, 1963, 1968, 1971, 1972, 1973, 1975, 1977, 1995. Used by permission.</span></p>

    <p class="copyright-page"><span>Scripture marked niv is from the HOLY BIBLE, NEW INTERNATIONAL VERSION®. NIV®. Copyright 1973, 1978, 1984 by International Bible Society. Used by permission of Zondervan Publishing House. All rights reserved.</span></p>

    <p class="copyright-page"><span>Scripture marked Weymouth is from</span> <span class="italic3">The New Testament in Modern Speech: An Idiomatic Translation into Everyday English from the Text of the Resultant Greek Testament,</span> <span>Third Edition, by Richard Francis Weymouth (London: James Clarke &amp; Co., 1910).</span></p>

    <p class="copyright-page"><span>Scripture marked kjv is from the King James Version of the Bible.</span></p>

    <p class="copyright-page"><span>Ebook Design by www.david-potter.co.uk</span></p>

    <p class="copyright-page"><span>4 5 6 7 8 9 10 / 07 06 05 04</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
