<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Part 3 - Seven Questions</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="part-3-seven-questions">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>Part 3</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>Seven Questions</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">T</span><span>he subject of demons, as I pointed out in the introduction to this book, has often been surrounded with superstitious dread. Christians have sometimes had the attitude that “if I leave demons alone, they will leave me alone.” Regrettably, that is not true. Demons will not leave you alone. The fact that you are a Christian does not in itself protect you. On the contrary, demons view Christians as their primary target for attack.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Your best protection, therefore, is to discover what Scripture reveals about the nature and activity of demons. Then you will be able to avail yourself of the protection God has provided for you through faith in Christ.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I have found there are certain questions concerning the realm of the demonic that people frequently ask. In this section I consider seven such questions:</span></p>

    <ul class="calibre6">
      <li class="points-space-before"><span>What are demons?</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Flesh or demons?</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>How do demons come in?</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>What is the occult?</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Is witchcraft still at work today?</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Do Christians ever need deliverance from demons?</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Will the Holy Spirit indwell an unclean vessel?</span></li>
    </ul>

    <p class="body"><span>To each question I offer an answer based on Scripture and on my personal observation and experience over many years. These will help clear up many common misunderstandings and will prepare you for Part 4, in which you will actually come to grips with demons. At the end of chapters 14, 16 and 17, you will find personal testimonies of Christians who relate their experiences with demons.</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
