* Amen, Hallellujah! <2024-01-06 Sat>
#+BEGIN_SRC bash -n :i bash :async :results verbatim code :lang text
  nasb Ezekiel 12:24
#+END_SRC

#+RESULTS:
#+begin_src text
Ezekiel 12:24
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
For there will no longer be any false vision
or flattering divination within the house of
Israel.

(NASB)
#+end_src

#+BEGIN_SRC bash -n :i bash :async :results verbatim code :lang text
  nasb Ezekiel 12:21-28
#+END_SRC

#+RESULTS:
#+begin_src text
Ezekiel 12:21-28
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Then the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
“Son of man, what is this proverb you people
have concerning the land of Israel, saying,
‘The days are long and every vision fails’?

Therefore say to them, ‘Thus says the Lord
GOD, “I will make this proverb cease so that
they will no longer use it as a proverb in
Israel.” But tell them, “The days draw near as
well as the fulfillment of every vision.

For there will no longer be any false vision
or flattering divination within the house of
Israel.

For I the LORD will speak, and whatever word I
speak will be performed.

It will no longer be delayed, for in your
days, O rebellious house, I will speak the
word and perform it,” declares the Lord GOD.’”
Furthermore, the word of the LORD came to me,
saying, “Son of man, behold, the house of
Israel is saying, ‘The vision that he sees is
for many years from now, and he prophesies of
times far off.’ Therefore say to them, ‘Thus
says the Lord GOD, “None of My words will be
delayed any longer.

Whatever word I speak will be performed,”’”
declares the Lord GOD.

(NASB)
#+end_src

