Masturbation is sex with demons. It defiles and destroys your body, the temple of the Holy Spirit

1 Cor 6:18-19 Flee from sexual immorality. Every other sin a man commits is outside his body, but he who sins sexually
sins against his own body. Do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit who is in you, whom you have
received from God? You are not your own

See the body is the temple of the Holy Spirit

Masturbation – Sex with Demons

Masturbation is about thoughts and imaginations. It’s the result of not casting down imaginations and bringing thoughts
to obedience of Christ (2 Cor 10:5)

Satan is able to feed us thoughts and imaginations into our minds when he is not in us – from a distance; a far off. When
you entertain his thoughts imaginations and voices, you find yourself doing what he wants, masturbating; sinning.

As you fantasize about his thoughts and imaginations, demons start manipulating your body, making you masturbate – you
cannot see them physically with your eyes but they are there

Today the enemy has come up with sex toys, sex objects, to aid masturbation, to steal kill and destroy humanity
completely. Sex toys is an industry of the devil.

Masturbation is a spirit – a demon. This spirit of darkness does not come alone, it is accompanied by spirit of lust.

Spirit of lust includes lust of eyes, lust of flesh, etc. It is one of the spirits that takes people to pornography and
all sorts of sexual immorality.

Pornography is a fuel of masturbation.

Masturbation is a sin which grows very fast into addiction – a very bad addiction

Masturbation can result from generational curse, inherited from generation to generation. Our parents and forefathers
never tell us the sins they did, addictions and curses they were in, then when we and our children start inheriting these
curses, most of us blame God, others and see God in a bad light.

See charging God with wrong is a sin and blaming others

If you are in masturbation or was, do not be surprised if your children and grandchildren be in masturbation too.

Spiritual husband and wife is also a cause of masturbation. Spiritual husband and wife are of the harlot kingdom which
includes Jezebel, marine kingdom, etc

See how to know if you have spiritual husband and wife

People masturbate in dreams but because they are not doing it physically, they say they are not masturbating – you are
lying to yourself. In the same manner people have sex in dreams but deny that they are in sexual immorality because they
are not doing it physically – it is a lie, denying yourself deliverance, freedom.

What Spirit of Masturbation Does

Masturbation is a spirit of Satan whose work is to steal kill and destroy (John 10:10)

Masturbation defiles and destroys the temple of the Lord – the body (1 Cor 6)

It destroys the body that you cannot fulfill your wife or husband nor be fulfilled (1 Cor 7)

It destroys the body of a man that a man can pass out sperms with just a thought or imagination – its one cause of
premature ejaculation.

Coupled with spirit of lust, it makes a human being an animal – from your thoughts, to how you behave, what you see and
want to see, uncontrollable desires and urges, etc – you become an animal

Masturbation causes stagnation with no breakthrough

Every person who masturbates, watches pornography and is involved in any form of sexual immorality is in life stagnation
in one way or another.

Masturbation, pornography and all forms of sexual immorality shuts doors that if you were supposed to be in point B you
never move from point A but stagnant at point A.

When the enemy knows in the spiritual realm that there is a breakthrough or blessings coming, he makes you masturbate or
be involved in any form of sexual immorality and by that he has shut your blessings, breakthrough, etc – he has stolen.
And this is the biggest cause of stagnation in many people in the church today.

By using the door of masturbation, the enemy can bring you any curse, affliction and torment as he wills – he can steal
as he wills. See how we open the door for the enemy

Many people desire marriage but cannot get it because masturbation pornography and sexual immorality has shut it from
them

The Solution to Masturbation

Masturbation is a spirit of darkness, a demon. Spirits are not fought physically but spiritually – it’s not a fight
against blood and flesh (Eph 6:12)

The world tells you to get rid of everything that makes you masturbate, physical things (not the spirits) but when the
urge comes, you find yourself back to those things.

What spirits of darkness do is give you an urge or passion you cannot stop or resist but only obey – a spirit that
controls and manipulates you as it wills

Every person giving you a physical solution to a spiritual problem is not helping you but leading you deeper into
captivity, to perishing – do not use your energy or efforts to stop masturbation or any other addiction; it’s in vain

The first step to freedom is accepting, acknowledging whom you are. Accept you are in masturbation – say, ‘I masturbate’.

In Christ Jesus we do not hide (cover) our sins, curses, afflictions, torments, etc, for if we hide we will not be
delivered, set free, saved.

Many so-called-Christians I have come into contact with use Bible, quoting Bible verses, the Name Jesus Christ, church,
religion, tithing, sacrifices, etc to hide their afflictions, torments, curses, etc

Accept you masturbate and hide it not

After accepting whom you are in need of deliverance, repent your sins including your forefather’s sins – ask Jesus to
wash your sins with the blood He shed on the cross and deliver you from the demons involved/associated with those sins.

Ask Jesus Christ where your deliverance is and run to it – run to Him. Remember there is time to pray and time to run
physically to Jesus Christ

The only solution to masturbation is running to Jesus Christ both physically and spiritually – He is faithful; He
delivers, sets free and heals all who come to Him

Deliverance in Jesus Christ casts out the spirits, the cause of the desires urges and passions. When Jesus Christ
delivers you from masturbation, you have no desire, no urge to masturbate at all, even the imaginations, thoughts and
dreams disappear.

Many people claim to be delivered but they are still in desires, urges, lusts, battling with flesh, sinning in dreams,
etc – they are lying to themselves; you are not yet delivered.

In Jesus Christ we do not starve the flesh, beat it, like Baal worshipers and what religion does, but we live in freedom.
Freedom is where you have no urges, desires, lusts, passions, etc, of sinning or doing what is wrong.

It is only a person in freedom who has everything s/he needs to watch pornography but this person cannot because s/he has
no desires, urges, nor passions for pornography

It is only a person in freedom who has money to buy all the alcohol in this world but he doesn’t because he has no
desires, lusts, passions, or urges for alcohol.

Are you free? It is only a free person who can set you free. A prisoner cannot set him/herself free. In masturbation you
are in prison, in Egypt, in captivity, in need of deliverance.

Remember a kingdom does not fight itself (Mt 12) – a demon cannot cast out a demon

I myself was in masturbation and went to its depths and Lord led me out once and all, so I don’t teach theories, or what
I don’t know or have copied from others, but I preach and teach what the Lord has done and given me. See you cannot
preach what you do not have

Because Jesus Christ taught me depths of masturbation, delivered me and send me to all in masturbation, I am a debtor to
all people of Jesus Christ in masturbation. My happiness and joy is to see you in freedom as I am.

Therefore when you come to me as a sinner seeking Jesus Christ, know you are talking to a person who has gone through
what you are going and delivered, came out to freedom – I will never open my mouth to condemn you but welcome you with
open arms to Jesus Christ, for Jesus came for sinners (Lk 5:32) and to destroy the works of the devil (1 John 3:8).

I do not entertain the wicked neither be in their company (Psalms 26:4-5, Psalms 1:1)

See the difference between sin, iniquity, transgression and wickedness

When time came for me to come out of masturbation, God told me to go speak it to my brother (a brother in Christ Jesus I
love) and God spoke this verses to me,

Therefore, confess your sins to one another and pray for one another, that you may be healed (James 5:16)

Reason I have told you to speak out, say ‘I masturbate’, speak your sins – I am here for you in His Will

Do not let masturbation addition or any other sin take you from Jesus Christ but let it lead to seeking Him the more and
He is faithful, He will deliver heal and save you

If I was delivered, believe in my Jesus Christ, He will deliver you too

Many people in the church today are masturbating in one way or another, covering it with a blanket because no one sees
them, they do not see Jesus delivering people from it, some of their churches have told them masturbation is not a sin,
there preachers are all white (a lie) never telling them the things they passed through and where delivered because they
are still in them knowing nothing about Jesus Christ deliverance, etc

Jesus is Coming

Repent Repent Repent

Repent for the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand
