<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>14 - What is the Occult</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x14-what-is-the-occult">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>14</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>What Is the Occult?</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">O</span><span>ne main channel through which demons gain access to humanity is the</span> <span class="italic">occult.</span> <span>If we do not understand the almost universal influence of the occult on the human race, we will not be able to deal effectively with demons.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Somewhere in every one of us is a deep longing to make contact with the unknown, with some “higher power” &ndash; something greater or wiser or more powerful than ourselves. This is true at all levels, from the teenage girl reading her horoscope, to the witch doctor in some remote tribe who has never seen a white man, to the scientist probing outer space and seeking to discover the secrets of the universe.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It was God who placed this longing within us, but His archenemy, Satan, has devised a way to divert seekers into deceptive, evil systems that bring them into bondage to himself. These deceptive systems can take countless different forms, but the generic name for them all is</span> <span class="italic">the occult.</span> <span>This raises the fourth question commonly asked concerning the realm of the demonic: What is the occult?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The word</span> <span class="italic">occult</span> <span>is derived from a Latin word that means “concealed” or “covered over.” The power operating through occult practices or systems derives from Satan and is evil. But most people caught up in them do not know this. They have been enticed by labels or claims that make them appear highly desirable.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This is vivid to me because of my own experience. I was fascinated, as I said in chapter 10, by all things connected with India, and at Cambridge I actually attempted to become a yogi. No matter how hard I tried, however, I could never attain the release or fulfilment I was searching for. This indefinable longing was finally satisfied when, by the grace of God, I had a supernatural encounter with Jesus, the Son of God.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Scripture calls turning away from the one true God to false gods “spiritual adultery.” Thus the Bible’s strong warnings against immorality and adultery also apply to all forms of involvement with the occult. The “strange [immoral or adulterous] woman” described in Proverbs vividly depicts the lure of the occult.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In Proverbs 5:6 we are warned against trying to study her ways, because they are “moveable” (kjv), “unstable” (nkjv) and “crooked” (niv) &ndash; all of which apply to the occult. I have observed that as one deceptive error is refuted, two new occult practices or false religions rise up in its place. Rather than attempt to give a full list, therefore, I will point out ways by which they operate.</span> <span class="italic">Truth is the best defence against error.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>The tragic end of those who permit themselves to be enticed and deceived by a “strange woman” is described in Proverbs 7:25-27:</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Do not let your heart turn aside to her ways,</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Do not stray into her paths;</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>For she has cast down many wounded,</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>And all who were slain by her were strong men.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Her house is the way to hell,</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>Descending to the chambers of death.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Scripture emphasises that the victims of this “strange woman” are</span> <span class="italic">strong men.</span> <span>It is characteristic of these deceptive forces that they primarily target men with leadership capacity. Satan hates such men. Strong men become vulnerable when they place their confidence in their own strength and in their past successes.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">The Two Main Branches of the Occult</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The two main branches of the occult are identified in Scripture as</span> <span class="italic">divination</span> <span>and</span> <span class="italic">sorcery.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">Divination</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Divination provides knowledge through supernatural means about people, events and situations. Frequently it predicts future events. The contemporary terms for this are</span> <span class="italic">fortune-telling, psychic predicting and extrasensory perception (ESP).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>A clear example is offered by the slave girl in Acts 16:16-22, who was said to be “possessed with a spirit of divination” (nkjv) or “a spirit by which she predicted the future” (niv). Actually the Greek merely says “she had a python spirit.” In classical Greek culture the python was often associated with the practice of divination or fortune-telling. The modern term for such a person is</span> <span class="italic">psychic.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This slave girl was the first person in Philippi to discern the identity of Paul and Silas. “These men are the servants of the Most High God,” she cried, “who proclaim to us the way of salvation” (verse 17). Everything she said was true, yet her knowledge came from a demon. When the demon was expelled, she lost the ability to tell fortunes and her masters lost their source of income.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This is what makes fortune-telling so deceptive and dangerous. A person &ndash; and it is usually a woman &ndash; who has a python spirit can actually be a channel of supernatural knowledge concerning the past or future. This measure of truth is the bait on Satan’s occult hook by which he seeks to capture and enslave his victims.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Fortune-telling (divination) is truly occult (hidden). It conceals the satanic source of the power. Among those who seek to know the future are highly placed political leaders &ndash; and even professing Christians. Yet that contact inevitably exposes them to demons. I will describe just a few examples from my own personal observation.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Mary had listened to one of my teachings and believed she was under demonic power. She was a member of an old-line church that adhered to the Gospel of Christ. But one day an older woman, considered the most spiritual in the church, came to Mary and said, “Let me read your palm.” When Mary acquiesced, the older woman told her, “You will have a baby, but it will be born dead.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It happened just as she said. Mary’s baby was born with its umbilical cord wrapped twice around its neck and did not survive. By the sin of consulting a fortune-teller, albeit a professing Christian, I believe Mary opened the way for a satanic force that took the life of her baby.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Once Mary understood how she had exposed herself to demonic power, she was able to claim the benefit of Christ’s sacrifice on her behalf and be delivered. But that did not bring her baby back!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>How many other churchgoing Christians have unknowingly been caught in Satan’s coils through fortune-telling?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The prediction of a psychic about the course of a person’s life often amounts to a declaration of Satan’s destiny for that life. In chapter 11 I mentioned that one main function of the</span> <span class="italic">daimons,</span> <span>who operate on the higher level, is to assign people their destiny &ndash; that is, Satan’s destiny for them. The</span> <span class="italic">daimon</span> <span>communicates this destiny through a</span> <span class="italic">daimonion</span> <span>operating on the earthly plane. (This is the essence of fortune-telling.)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This was brought home to me vividly while I was trying to help a woman who had come to me for deliverance. She told me she had been a spiritist but claimed she had repented. After praying for a while, I paused to seek direction from the Lord. Suddenly the woman turned to me and said, “I see you in a car and it’s wrecked against a tree.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I stiffened.</span> <span class="italic">That’s the demon speaking!</span> <span>I said to myself.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Then I said aloud, “Satan, I refuse your destiny for my life. I shall not be in any car that’s wrecked against a tree.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>More than thirty years have passed since then, and it has never happened. Suppose, however, that I had allowed fear to enter, thinking,</span> <span class="italic">One day I’m going to be in a car that’s wrecked against a tree!</span> <span>I would have been accepting Satan’s destiny for my life, and I believe he might have killed me. I thank God I was alert.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>A young Christian woman came to me once in great distress. A year or two previously, against her own better judgement, she had visited a fortune-teller who had told her, “You’re going to be a young widow.” Shortly afterward her husband was killed in a freak accident.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This young woman was overcome by guilt at the thought that her visit to the fortune-teller had somehow exposed her husband to the accident that had taken his life. She pleaded desperately with me to reassure her. I felt great compassion for her and did my best to comfort her, but I could not honestly give her the assurance she asked for. I could not rule out the possibility that she had, in fact, accepted Satan’s destiny for her husband and herself.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>My own wife, Ruth, had an experience before she came to know Jesus as her Messiah. A friend told her about a psychic who had predicted certain things in his life, all of which had come to pass. He suggested that this woman could give help and comfort to Ruth, who was struggling as she raised three children alone. Ruth, an active member of her synagogue, had never heard anything forbidding fortune-telling.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The psychic, who had never seen Ruth before and knew nothing about her, told her three things: “You were not able to bear children; you have three adopted children; and your husband has left you.” Every one of those statements was correct. But the revelation did not come from God; it came from Satan. He intended to use this measure of truth as a bait to entice Ruth further into the occult.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In His mercy Jesus intervened in Ruth’s life. Later, when she realised her error, Ruth repented and cancelled Satan’s power over her.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>My first wife, Lydia, used a simple illustration to warn people of Satan’s snare. “You can give me a glass of pure water,” she would say, “but if you put in just one drop of poison, the whole glass is poisoned.” No inspired “revelation” from a fortune-teller is worth having your whole life poisoned.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Country fairs, and even some churches, often have fortune-telling booths as a side show, “just for fun.” But there is no such thing as harmless fortune-telling. Poison is poison, even when it is not labelled.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Another form of this demonic activity can be even more deceptive. I call it “charismatic fortune-telling.” There are some ministers and speakers at conventions who offer personal prophecy and encourage Christians to come expecting “a word from the Lord.” Undoubtedly some words are from the Lord, but many more proceed from the soul of the person ministering or even from a demon of divination. This can have a disastrous effect on the lives of those who are ensnared by it.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Most people want to know what the future holds. Fortune-telling caters to this desire. But God requires us to “walk by faith, not by sight” (2 Corinthians 5:7), not knowing what the future holds but trusting His unfailing faithfulness. There may, however, be times when God will give us some sovereign revelation concerning the future, without our desiring or seeking it. When He takes the initiative, the result will serve His purposes.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Another snare, which poses as a game, is the Ouija board. I recall teaching on the nature of the occult in an Episcopal church in New England and praying for many who needed deliverance from demons. At the closing meeting on Sunday morning, the rector began by saying that his wife had asked him earlier in the day what had caused the smell of burning in their home. “It was me,” he went on, “burning our family Ouija board!”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The use of Ouija boards and other occult practices has now permeated many branches of our school systems. In one school a group of girls began playing with a Ouija board just as an experiment &ndash; to see what would happen. One day it spelled out this sentence:</span> <span class="italic">Within a week one of you will be dead.</span> <span>That week one of the girls was killed in an accident. The rest of the girls were terrified, not knowing what would happen next.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Another way many people are exposed to divination is through horoscopes. A generation or two ago, many newspapers carried a daily portion of Scripture. Today the same pages often carry a daily horoscope reading. Casually scanning “your” horoscope in the newspaper with an unguarded mind can expose you to demonic influence.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Here again, many Christians are deceived. They consider such activities harmless, not recognising the snare. I ministered to a Christian woman once who needed deliverance from a spirit of divination. She could not understand how such a spirit could have entered her. As I questioned her, she eventually acknowledged that she read her horoscope occasionally in the daily newspaper. She was shocked to realise that she had opened herself to a demon of divination.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Another potential door-opener for demons is involvement in the martial arts. Ruth and I ministered to a man who had excelled in karate. After a deliverance session, he discovered to his surprise that he could no longer do the karate kick. He had not realised that his ability came from a demon. We need to bear in mind that all the martial arts originated in cultures permeated with idolatry and demonic activity.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">Sorcery</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The other channel through which the occult operates is sorcery. Sorcery can be considered the twin sister of divination, but it has its own special sphere of activity. It uses various means to make an impact on the physical senses. Some of its tools are drugs, potions, charms, amulets, magic, spells, incantations and various forms of music.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In speaking of the last days, Paul warns that “evil men and impostors will grow worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived” (2 Timothy 3:13). The Greek word translated “impostors” means, literally, “enchanters,” but because enchanting (incantation) is used in various occult rituals, it came to mean “wizards” or “sorcerers.” Some contemporary forms of music, such as acid rock, fall into the same category and are used as channels of supernatural satanic power. This agrees with Paul’s prediction that, as the age draws to its close, there will be a great upsurge of these occult forces.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The book of Revelation describes two end-time judgements of God by which some sections of humanity will be killed. Then it closes by saying that “the rest of mankind . . . did not repent of their murders or their sorceries or their sexual immorality or their thefts” (Revelation 9:20-21). The Greek word translated “sorceries” means literally “drugs.” The niv renders it “magic arts.” The evil actions here associated with sorcery are murders, sexual immorality and theft. Often addiction to drugs opens the door to these other evils.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In Deuteronomy 18:10-12 the Lord declares His attitude towards various forms of occult involvement:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>Let no one be found among you who sacrifices his son or daughter in the fire, who practices divination or sorcery, interprets omens, engages in witchcraft, or casts spells, or who is a medium or spiritist or who consults the dead. Anyone who does these things is detestable to the Lord. . . .</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>(niv)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The other main category mentioned here, in addition to divination and sorcery, is witchcraft, which also includes spells. I will deal more fully with witchcraft in the next chapter.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“Interpreting omens” is a form of divination. The last three categories &ndash; “a medium or a spiritist or [one] who consults the dead” &ndash; are all classed together today as spiritism. Their usual form of activity is called a séance.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>All such people are said to be detestable to the Lord. The word translated “detestable” is the strongest word in the Hebrew language for what the Lord hates and rejects. Note, too, that God places such people in the same category as those who sacrifice their children to a pagan deity. It is hard for our contemporary culture to realise how intensely God hates all these occult practices. No one can be involved in them without being exposed to demons.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">False Religion</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Closely related to the occult is false religion. Often the two are inseparably intertwined. Both promise what appeals to us all &ndash; peace, power, knowledge, access to God. They claim to direct us to the light, but they actually entice us into darkness.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>How, then, can we protect ourselves? In John 10:9 Jesus said, “I am the door. If anyone enters by Me, he will be saved . . . .” Again He said, “I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through Me” (John 14:6). Many different doors lead into the realm of the supernatural. But there is only one door that leads to the supernatural realm of God. That door is Jesus. Those who go through any other door can enter a supernatural realm &ndash; but it is the realm of Satan, not of the one true God.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Satan will do all the damage he can to humanity through ideologies such as atheism or humanism, but false religion is an infinitely more powerful tool in his hands. To this very hour, the great majority of the human race is enslaved by false religion.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>As with other forms of the occult, it is impossible to list all the forms of false religion currently being practised. But here are some of the main features that characterise religions as false:</span></p>

    <ol class="calibre4">
      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Acknowledging a plurality of gods</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Practising idol worship in any form</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Teaching that human beings can ultimately become gods</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Teaching that people can achieve righteousness by their own efforts</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Offering some form of esoteric knowledge available only to a privileged few</span></li>
    </ol>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">1. Religions That Acknowledge a Plurality of Gods</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The early Church was surrounded by a polytheistic culture, but in 1 Corinthians 8:5-6 Paul defined the Christian position:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>For even if there are so-called gods, whether in heaven or on earth (as there are many gods and many lords), yet for us there is only one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we for Him; and one Lord Jesus Christ, through whom are all things, and through whom we live.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">2. Religions That Practice Idol Worship in Any Form</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Idolatry is the first specific sin forbidden in the Ten Commandments and the one that carries the heaviest penalties (see Exodus 20:3-5).</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">3. Religions Teaching That Human Beings Ultimately Can Become Gods</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This was the original temptation offered humanity by Satan in the Garden of Eden: “You will be like God [or like gods]” (Genesis 3:5).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This promise contains an inherent self-contradiction. God, who has created all things, including the human race, is Himself uncreated. It is logically impossible for man, the created, to become like God, the uncreated. The created can never become uncreated. Nevertheless, this promise of becoming like God has appealed to the self-exalting pride of humanity in every generation.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">4. Religions Teaching That People Can Achieve Righteousness by Their Own Efforts</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Again, the appeal is to human pride. Proud people are drawn to religious systems that demand hard, unreasonable forms of work and even self-inflicted suffering. The more rigorous the demands of a religion, the greater the degree of pride a person feels in fulfilling them.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">5. Religions That Offer Some Form of Esoteric Knowledge Available Only to a Privileged Few</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Access to this knowledge usually requires some special rite of initiation. Already in the first century, the apostles were warning their followers about this form of deception, called by its Greek name</span> <span class="italic">gnosis</span> <span>(knowledge). It was against this error that Paul warned Timothy:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>O Timothy! Guard what was committed to your trust, avoiding the profane and vain babblings and contradictions of what is falsely called knowledge [</span><span class="italic">gnosis</span><span>] &ndash; by professing it, some have strayed concerning the faith.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>1 Timothy 6:20-21</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are two outstanding contemporary examples of religions whose secrets are revealed only to those who have passed through a stringent process of initiation. They are Mormonism and Freemasonry. The latter includes Eastern Star (the women’s affiliate of Freemasonry), the Shriners, Rainbow Girls and Demolay.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In Mormonism the temple rituals are available only to a select few. No outsider may enter the temples while services are in progress. Freemasonry is even more secretive. Except for a few “official” public appearances, it is completely closed to the uninitiated and its secrets are guarded by bloodcurdling oaths.<a class="calibre2" href="#x2-anchor">2</a></span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Biblical Christianity, on the other hand, is open. It has no special process of initiation and no secret rites. The basis of its faith, the Bible, is an open book. All are encouraged to study it.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>All forms of false religion appeal in one way or another to human pride. The Gospel, on the other hand, emphasises that we are saved by the grace of God, which cannot be earned, but is received only by faith, which God Himself supplies. This leaves no room for pride.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>For by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God, not of works, lest anyone should boast.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>Ephesians 2:8-9</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There is a great gulf that cannot be bridged between the worship of the true God and every form of the occult or false religion. Paul emphasises that every form of false religion is permeated by demonic power and that Christians must not, therefore, be involved in any way:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>. . . The things which the Gentiles sacrifice they sacrifice to demons and not to God, and I do not want you to have fellowship with demons. You cannot drink the cup of the Lord and the cup of demons; you cannot partake of the Lord’s table and of the table of demons.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>1 Corinthians 10:20-21</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Anyone who has been involved in the occult or false religion needs to repent of it, confess it as sin and seek Christ for forgiveness, cleansing and release. In addition, any books or other objects connected with the occult or false religion should be destroyed.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">Clean and Free</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This brief overview of the whole area of the occult and false religions reveals just how complex and confusing it is. There is no simple way to define or describe it. You might compare it to an octopus with many tentacles, which it fastens onto its victim. Just as the victim is guarding himself against one tentacle, another seeks to fasten onto him from his blind side.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This is well illustrated by the following testimony of a young man from a Christian family who was taken captive by the occult. Eventually he gained understanding of the demonic realm, received deliverance and became a successful pastor.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>My parents are godly, born-again Christians. Like little Samuel of old, I was dedicated to serve the Lord from my conception. My parents taught me in the ways of truth from my youth. At the age of four, I would stand and preach to my folks or anyone else who would listen. In my early years my heart was tender toward the things of God, and I was always quick to pray and repent when I wronged God or man. My precious parents taught me the best they could to walk in God’s ways, but they erred greatly because their tradition did not teach them that occult involvement was much worse than their traditional “thou-shalt-nots.”</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>To read the funny papers on Sunday, to go to a movie at any time or to condone drinking or smoking was unthinkable. But they never dreamed that allowing me to listen to ghost stories from my grandmother would start me on a path of heartache that would last over twenty years.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I first came into contact with my grandmother’s stories at the age of seven. From that point on I could find joy in little else but the study of the occult. Radio programmes of the ’40s and ’50s such as</span> <span class="italic">Inner Sanctum, The Shadow</span> <span>and</span> <span class="italic">The Whistler</span> <span>held my undivided attention. When TV came in,</span> <span class="italic">Night Gallery, Alfred Hitchcock</span> <span>and</span> <span class="italic">The Twilight Zone,</span> <span>plus any other kind of horror show, were my delight. By the time I was in the sixth grade, Edgar Allen Poe was my favourite author. A Baptist Training Union leader had introduced me to Poe’s writing after a church Halloween party.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>At age eleven, I told God in one of my frequent rages to get out of my life and leave me alone. I would buy small animals on a weekly, sometimes daily, basis and torture them to death. (I did this out of sheer compulsion. Years later I found out it was an integral part of witchcraft.) As strange as it may seem, I loved animals and wanted to be a doctor of veterinary medicine.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I would walk up to Christian workers and tell them I hated them. No form of discipline, word or rod, could constrain me. Rebellion and utter hatred of God, church, Christians, school, all forms of authority, and especially my mother and father, ruled part of my being. The other part of me longed to be kind and loving.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I finally came to a saving knowledge of Jesus at the age of 25. Even though God intervened and I was born again, my relationship with my parents was very bad. I loved them because of Jesus, but I could not be civil toward them for more than an hour. After a short period of close fellowship, anger and hate would surface and my misery would spread to all those around me. I tried to suppress my inward pressures, but they showed themselves by my craving for alcohol and food. I was 5’ 7 1/2’’ and weighed 217 pounds.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Was I really saved? Yes! Yes! Yes! I would spend hours weeping over lost souls, memorising Scripture, witnessing and teaching the Word. What was so tragic was that still no one had ever told me that ESP, Ouija boards and books on psychic phenomena were forbidden to me as a believer. Therefore, I taught these to my First Baptist Church Training Union class, thus stirring up in them the same idolatry and witchcraft my grandmother had stirred up in me years before.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Praise the Lord, one day as I told a fellow believer about my ESP, he told me to leave it alone, as Scripture warned against it. Oh, how I thank God for that man! His simple warning helped me begin on the path to deliverance.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Wanting to obey the Lord, I stopped all contact with the satanic realm. This was a good beginning, but what I really needed was complete renunciation of Satan and deliverance from the demons that had entered because of my interest in the occult.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>How do I know I had demons? The day I stopped flirting with Satan and started obeying the Word, my internal problems and fears intensified. The anger and hate got worse. I began to have hallucinations night and day that presented the Jesus I loved in a most defiling way. Though I was happily married, my problem with masturbation was uncontrollable. My greatest plague was that I was a latent homosexual. I never gave in to it, though I had to fight it constantly. I would have horrible thoughts of being with men, and desires to dress like a woman. When I was alone, this evil spirit would manifest and I would take on effeminate mannerisms.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I hated and loathed these things with all my might. I prayed, repented and tried to crucify the flesh, not realising that my problems had gone past the earthly, past the soulish, into the demonic (James 3:15). I had two fountains within me: One loved souls, blessed God and yearned to serve Him. The other defiled me with unclean thoughts and desires, blasphemed Jesus and cursed the saints. I would have willingly admitted all this to anyone who could have helped me. No one I knew had the power to deal with my problems, even to the point of listening to them. So I had to keep it all in as best I could.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>In December 1969 my wife and I were introduced to the deliverance ministry. When it was mentioned that Christians could have demons, I gave no argument. My spirit leaped for joy, as I knew I had found the answer to my problems. A brother in Christ ministered deliverance to me, commanding the spirits to leave. I literally felt them move up from my stomach through my mouth, coming out in sighs and yawns.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>From that day to this, I have never been plagued with masturbation. Plus my anger and hate were gone. Now I can spend hours with my mother with no schisms. I can actually hug her with love and compassion.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>For several months I was on cloud nine. Then suddenly the latent homosexuality and hallucinations started again. To be exact, it was about two o’clock one morning when I was awakened by demonic harassment from within and without. By this time I knew how to cast out demons and resist Satan, but my relief was only temporary.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Just when I was about to lose hope, I heard a Derek Prince tape saying occult sins had to be confessed and renounced by name. This was something I had not done. I immediately did so, realising where most of my problems had come from. Shortly after this I went through my greatest deliverance service.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>One day I was driving from Columbus, Georgia, to Montgomery, Alabama (a little over one hundred miles). During a time of horrible harassment by demons, I called on Jesus with all my might. He took me back in mental visions to instances that began at age four when demons first entered me. As He showed me each instance, I would renounce the sins involved and command the demon to come out. For more than an hour, demons came out of my mouth, the top of my head and shoulders. By the time I got to Montgomery, I felt wrung out, but I was free &ndash; free for the first time in years.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Since that time my spiritual growth has progressed rapidly. My time and energy can be directed toward fruitful ministry rather than wrestling continually to suppress desires and thoughts that used to threaten my very existence. Also the Lord has taken me from 217 pounds to 155 happy pounds.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Praise the Lord! Because of Jesus, I am clean and free.</span></p><a class="calibre3" id="x2-anchor"></a>

    <p class="footnote"><span>2. For more information see Masonry &ndash; Beyond the Light by William Schnoebelen (Chick Publications, 1991).</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
