<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Part 2 - In the School of Experience</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="part-2-in-the-school-of-experience">
    <p class="heading"><span>Part 2</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>In the School of Experience</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">P</span><span>ersonal experience by itself is never a sufficient basis for establishing biblical doctrine. At times, however, it can have the effect of illuminating a doctrine that previously one did not know how to apply.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This was true in my personal confrontation with demons. I had read the New Testament accounts of Jesus and His disciples dealing with demons, and accepted them as part of the revelation of Scripture. But they had never come alive to me.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I had often had the joy of leading a sinner to Christ. I had also seen people healed physically in answer to prayer. But I had no conscious experience of confronting and dealing with demons, with the outward manifestations described so vividly in the New Testament.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Then God in His sovereignty began to give me direct personal experience in recognising and dealing with demons. First of all, I myself received release from persistent, crippling bouts of depression when I recognised the source behind them and called out to God for deliverance. Later I encountered demons manifesting in other people, and proved in my own experience the truth of Jesus’ promise to His disciples in Mark 16:17: “In My name they will cast out demons.” This added an important new dimension to my ministry.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Looking back, I realise God had enrolled me in His “school of experience,” guiding me sovereignly from one demonic encounter to the next. In the end, dealing with demons became a regular part of my Christian ministry.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In the chapters that follow, I share some of the most important lessons God taught me on the path by which He led me.</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
