<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>2 - Terminology</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x2-terminology">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>2</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>Terminology</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">T</span><span>he New Testament writers give a clear picture of the nature and activity of demons, but the key to understanding these areas is an accurate explanation of the terminology they used. Unfortunately, there are weaknesses in the way different English versions have translated certain expressions from the original Greek text, which have obscured the meaning for English readers. It is necessary, therefore, to begin by examining the main words used in the Greek.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Three expressions are used to describe the evil spirit beings who are some of Satan’s main agents in his warfare against humanity. First,</span> <span class="italic">demon</span> <span>(Greek,</span> <span class="italic">daimonion</span><span>). This is the neuter singular of the adjective</span> <span class="italic">daimonios,</span> <span>which is derived from the noun</span> <span class="italic">daimon.</span> <span>Thus the adjective</span> <span class="italic">daimonios</span> <span>indicates some connection with a</span> <span class="italic">daimon.</span> <span>Although</span> <span class="italic">daimonion</span> <span>is adjectival in form, it is used regularly as a noun. It is, in fact, an adjective that has become a noun. We can illustrate this from a contemporary example in English.</span> <span class="italic">Green</span> <span>is another adjective that has become a noun, describing a person concerned about protecting the environment. Hence we now talk of the “greens.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In English the important distinction between</span> <span class="italic">daimon</span> <span>and</span> <span class="italic">daimonion</span> <span>is obliterated by the fact that both words are normally translated by one and the same English word:</span> <span class="italic">demon.</span> <span>Throughout this book, however, wherever it is necessary to preserve the distinction, we will continue to use the Greek words transliterated into English and italicised &ndash; that is,</span> <span class="italic">daimon</span> <span>and</span> <span class="italic">daimonion.</span> <span>We will form the plural in English simply by adding s, although this is not the correct way to form the plural in Greek.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The reference to the original Greek indicates that there are two distinct entities:</span> <span class="italic">daimon,</span> <span>which is primary, and</span> <span class="italic">daimonion,</span> <span>which is derivative. (This has an important bearing on the nature of demons, to which we will return in chapter 11, “What Are Demons?”) The derivative form,</span> <span class="italic">daimonion,</span> <span>occurs about sixty times in the gospels, Acts and Revelation. In other words, it represents an important New Testament concept. In the best texts,</span> <span class="italic">daimon</span> <span>occurs only once &ndash; in Matthew 8:31, where it is apparently used with the same meaning as</span> <span class="italic">daimonion.</span> <span>But this is not a normal use.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The second expression used in the New Testament to describe an evil spirit is</span> <span class="italic">unclean spirit,</span> <span>used about twenty times in Luke, Acts and Revelation.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The third expression,</span> <span class="italic">evil spirit,</span> <span>is used six times in Luke and Acts.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In Luke 4:33 two of these expressions are combined as the writer speaks of “a spirit of an unclean demon”</span> <span class="italic">(daimonion).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Altogether it seems that all three expressions are used interchangeably. “Demons” are “unclean spirits” and also “evil spirits.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The original King James Version regularly translates</span> <span class="italic">daimonion</span> <span>as “devil.” This has led to endless confusion. The English word</span> <span class="italic">devil</span> <span>is actually derived from the Greek word</span> <span class="italic">diabolos,</span> <span>which has no direct relationship with</span> <span class="italic">daimonion.</span> <span>Diabolos means “slanderer.” In all but three occurrences in the New Testament, it is a title of Satan himself. In this sense it is used only in the singular form. There are many demons but only one devil.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Satan is given this title because his primary activity is to slander &ndash; that is, to defame a person’s character. First and foremost, Satan defames the character of God Himself. He did this in the Garden of Eden, when he suggested to Adam and Eve that God was not treating them fairly by withholding from them the knowledge of good and evil. Second, Satan defames the character of all those who in any way represent God. This is his primary weapon against the servants of God. All the main translations subsequent to the kjv have observed the distinction between</span> <span class="italic">diabolos</span> <span>and</span> <span class="italic">daimonion,</span> <span>and have translated</span> <span class="italic">diabolos</span> <span>as “devil” and</span> <span class="italic">daimonion</span> <span>as “demon.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Unfortunately, there is another area of confusion that has not been cleared up in some of the modern translations. The Greek noun</span> <span class="italic">daimon</span> <span>gives rise to a verb</span> <span class="italic">daimonizo,</span> <span>which occurs about twelve times in the New Testament. The obvious English equivalent of this verb is</span> <span class="italic">demonize,</span> <span>which the Collins English Dictionary defines as “to subject to demonic influence.” In the New Testament this verb occurs only in the passive form: “to be demonized.” In the original kjv, it is translated regularly as “to be possessed of [or with] a devil or devils.” Most modern versions have correctly changed</span> <span class="italic">devil</span> <span>to</span> <span class="italic">demon,</span> <span>but incorrectly retain the form</span> <span class="italic">to be possessed.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The problem with this form is that, to English ears, the word</span> <span class="italic">possess</span> <span>immediately suggests ownership. To be “possessed” &ndash; by a devil or demon &ndash; implies that a person is “owned” by a devil or demon. But there is no basis for this in the Greek word</span> <span class="italic">daimonizo,</span> <span>which conveys no suggestion of ownership, but means merely “to subject to demonic influence.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Obviously the form of words we use is of vital importance. It is one thing to say to a person, “You are subject to demonic influence.” It is quite another to say, “You are possessed by a demon,” or, worse still, to say, “You are possessed by the devil.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Let me say emphatically that there is nothing in the verb</span> <span class="italic">daimonizo</span> <span>to imply possession. Personally I believe that every born-again Christian sincerely seeking to live for Christ belongs to Christ and is owned by Him. It is monstrous to suggest that such a person belongs to the devil or is owned by the devil.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>On the other hand, I know on the basis of my own experience, and of ministering to thousands of others, that a born-again Christian can be subject to demonic influences. Such a Christian undoubtedly belongs to Christ, yet there are areas of his or her personality that have not yet come under the control of the Holy Spirit. It is these areas that may still be subject to demonic influence.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Throughout the rest of this book, then, I will for the most part speak of such people as those who are “demonized.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The Greek verb that usually describes the action of getting rid of a demon is</span> <span class="italic">ekballo,</span> <span>normally translated “to drive out,” but in the kjv regularly translated “to cast out.” As I said before, I chose Weymouth’s translation</span> <span class="italic">expel</span> <span>because it describes a familiar action of everyday life. Throughout this book I will use these expressions more or less interchangeably:</span> <span class="italic">cast out, drive out, expel.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Another Greek verb used in this connection is</span> <span class="italic">exorkizo,</span> <span>normally translated “to exorcise.” The kjv translates it “to adjure.” In contemporary English, to exorcise is defined as “to expel evil spirits from a person or a place by prayers, adjurations and religious rites.” The word is used frequently in the rituals of liturgical churches but occurs only once in the New Testament.</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
