<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>3 - The Pattern and Mission of Jesus</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x3-the-pattern-and-mission-of-jesus">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>3</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>The Pattern and Mission of Jesus</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">W</span><span>hen I was confronted publicly by the open defiance of a demon in a Sunday morning worship service (as I explained in chapter 1), I was impelled to study the New Testament accounts of how Jesus dealt with such things. He is the one and only foundation and pattern for all Christian ministry. In this chapter, therefore, I will examine in some detail how Jesus Himself dealt with demons.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One of the earliest scenes in His public ministry, in a synagogue in Capernaum, is described vividly in Mark 1:21-26:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>Then they went into Capernaum, and immediately on the Sabbath He entered the synagogue and taught. And they were astonished at His teaching, for He taught them as one having authority, and not as the scribes. Now there was a man in their synagogue with an unclean spirit. And he cried out, saying, “Let us alone! What have we to do with You, Jesus of Nazareth? Did You come to destroy us? I know who You are &ndash; the Holy One of God!” But Jesus rebuked him, saying, “Be quiet, and come out of him!” And when the unclean spirit had convulsed him and cried out with a loud voice, he came out of him.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>The reaction of the people is described in verses 27 and 28:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>Then they were all amazed, so that they questioned among themselves, saying, “What is this? A new doctrine with authority [margin]. He commands even the unclean spirits, and they obey Him.” And immediately His fame spread throughout all the region around Galilee.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>In verse 23, when the nkjv says</span> <span class="italic">with an unclean spirit,</span> <span>the Greek actually says</span> <span class="italic">in an unclean spirit.</span> <span>Perhaps the nearest English equivalent would be</span> <span class="italic">under the influence of an unclean spirit.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It is noteworthy that the New International Version translates this phrase</span> <span class="italic">possessed by an evil spirit.</span> <span>This exemplifies how translations can mislead us regarding the activity of evil spirits (or demons). Nothing in the original Greek justifies the use of the word</span> <span class="italic">possessed,</span> <span>with its suggestion of ownership. This translation is an accommodation to traditional religious terminology that obscures the meaning of the original text.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Jesus had been preaching in Galilee, “The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand” (Mark 1:15). Now He had to demonstrate the superiority of His Kingdom over the kingdom of Satan. There are six important points to notice.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>First, Jesus dealt with the demon, not with the man. The demon spoke out of the man, and Jesus spoke to the demon. Literally translated, what Jesus said to the demon was, “Be muzzled!”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Second, Jesus expelled the demon from the man, not the man from the synagogue.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Third, Jesus was in no way embarrassed by the interruption or disturbance. Dealing with the demon was part of His total ministry.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Fourth, the demon spoke in both singular and plural forms: “Did You come to destroy us? I know who You are. . .” (verse 24). This response is characteristic of a demon speaking for itself and on behalf of others. The demon in the man in Gadara used the same form of speech: “My name is Legion; for we are many” (Mark 5:9).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Fifth, it is reasonable to assume that the man was a regular member of the synagogue, but apparently no one knew he needed deliverance from a demon. Perhaps even the man himself did not know. The anointing of the Holy Spirit on Jesus forced the demon out into the open.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Sixth, it was this dramatic confrontation with a demon in the synagogue that launched Jesus into His public ministry. He became known to His fellow Jews first and foremost as the Man with unique authority over demons.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">How Jesus Dealt with Demons</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>On the evening of the same day, when the people’s movements were no longer restricted by the Sabbath regulations, we might say that Jesus held His first “healing service”:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>At evening, when the sun had set, they brought to Him all who were sick and those who were demon-possessed [demonized]. And the whole city was gathered together at the door. Then He healed many who were sick with various diseases, and cast out many demons; and He did not allow the demons to speak, because they knew Him.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>Mark 1:32-34</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The same events are described in Luke 4:40-41:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>When the sun was setting, all those who had anyone sick with various diseases brought them to Him; and He laid His hands on every one of them and healed them. And demons also came out of many, crying out and saying, “You are the Christ, the Son of God!” And He, rebuking them, did not allow them to speak, for they knew that He was the Christ.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>For a clear picture of how Jesus dealt with demons, we need to combine the two accounts of Mark and Luke. Mark says, “He did not allow the demons to speak,” but Luke says, “And demons also came out of many, crying out and saying, ‘You are the . . . Son of God!’” As in the incident in the synagogue, the demons declared their recognition of Jesus publicly as the Holy One of God, or the Son of God, but after that He allowed them to say nothing more.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It is noteworthy that people came to Jesus seeking healing for their sicknesses, but many of them had demons cast out of them. Apparently the people did not realise that some of their sicknesses were caused by demons. One remarkable characteristic of Jesus’ ministry, from beginning to end, is that He never made a hard and fast distinction between healing people’s sicknesses and delivering them from demons.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The same applies to His ongoing ministry of preaching, as described in Mark 1:39: “And He was preaching in their synagogues throughout all Galilee, and casting out demons.” Expelling demons was as normal a part of Jesus’ ministry as preaching. Delivering people from demons was both the confirmation and the practical application of the message He was preaching, which was: “The kingdom of God is at hand” (Mark 1:15).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>To what kind of people, we might ask, was Jesus ministering in this way? Primarily observant Jews who met every Sabbath in the synagogue and spent the rest of the week caring for their families, tending their fields, fishing the sea and minding their shops. The people who received help from Jesus were mainly “normal,” respectable, religious people. Yet they were demonized. A demon had gained access to some area or areas of their personalities, and as a result they themselves were not in full control.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>We need to remember that the moral and ethical code of Jewish people in Jesus’ time was based on the Ten Commandments and the Law of Moses. This meant that most of them were probably living better lives than the majority of people in our contemporary Western society.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Undoubtedly there are many similar people to be found in the Christian community today &ndash; good, respectable, religious people who attend church and use all the right religious language, yet are like the observant Jews of Jesus’ day. Some areas in their personalities have been invaded by demons and, as a result, they are not in full control. Surely they need deliverance just as much as the people to whom Jesus ministered!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In Luke 13:32 Jesus made it clear that His practical ministry to the sick and demonized was to continue unchanged to the end: “Behold, I cast out demons and perform cures today and tomorrow, and the third day I shall be perfected.” “Today, tomorrow and the third day” is a Hebraism that could be paraphrased, “From now on until the job is finished.” The practical ministry of Jesus began, continued and concluded with two activities: healing the sick and expelling demons. The way He began was the right way, and He never needed to improve on it.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Further, when the time came for Jesus to commission and send out disciples, He instructed them to continue in exactly the same pattern of ministry that He Himself had demonstrated. To the first twelve apostles He imparted a twofold authority: first, to expel demons; and second, to heal every kind of sickness and disease (see Matthew 10:1). Then He gave them explicit instructions as to how to use this authority: “And as you go, preach, saying, ‘The kingdom of heaven is at hand.’ Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out demons” (Matthew 10:7-8).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Mark gives a brief description of how the disciples carried out their task: “And they cast out many demons, and anointed with oil many who were sick, and healed them” (Mark 6:13). Casting out demons, then, was not an optional “extra”!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Later Jesus sent out seventy more disciples, in pairs, to prepare the way before Him in every place He intended to go. We do not have a detailed account of His instructions, but clearly it included casting out demons, for on the disciples’ return they reported with joy, “Lord, even the demons are subject to us in Your name” (Luke 10:17).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>After His death and resurrection, Jesus again commissioned His disciples, but He now extended their ministry to the whole world. The message of those who went forth in faith and obedience, He promised, would be attested by five supernatural signs. The first two were these: “In My name they will cast out demons; they will speak with new tongues” (Mark 16:17).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Since the beginning of the twentieth century, a great deal has been preached, taught and written about the second sign: speaking with new tongues. But the sign Jesus put first, casting out demons, has not received the same positive attention. It is sad that the contemporary Western Church has been unwilling to come to grips with the issue of demons.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>A further account of Jesus’ final commission to His disciples is given in Matthew 28:19-20:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>“Go therefore and make disciples of all the nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, teaching them to observe all things that I have commanded you; and lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the age.”</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>This commission was simple and practical: to make disciples and then to teach them to obey all that Jesus had commanded the first disciples. Then these new disciples would in turn make further disciples, and teach them all that Jesus had taught. So it would go from one generation to another &ndash; “even to the end of the age.” Jesus started His disciples off with the right “programme” and never made any provision for it to be changed. Unfortunately, through the centuries the Church has made many unauthorised changes, none of them for the better!</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">The Pattern of New Testament Evangelism</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The New Testament provides one clear example of a disciple who patterned himself on the ministry of Jesus: Philip. He is the only person in the New Testament specifically described as an “evangelist” (see Acts 21:8), and his ministry, described in Acts 8:5-13 and 26-40, is the pattern for New Testament evangelism.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Philip’s message was refreshingly simple. In Samaria it was “Christ.” To the Ethiopian eunuch it was “Jesus.” Philip needed no organising committee, no trained choir, no rented auditorium. The crowds gathered to hear him for one reason only: the dramatic demonstration of God’s supernatural power:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>And the multitudes with one accord heeded the things spoken by Philip, hearing and seeing the miracles which he did. For unclean spirits, crying with a loud voice, came out of many who were possessed [demonized]; and many who were paralysed and lame were healed.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>Acts 8:6-7</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>This is New Testament evangelism: The Gospel is preached and the multitudes hear; they see the miracles and casting out of demons and they believe; they are baptised and the Church is established. A central element is the expelling of demons, which is often accompanied by noisy and disorderly manifestations. Other features of evangelism vary, but this element is central to evangelism as practised in the New Testament, first by Jesus, then by His disciples.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The pattern of evangelism was not confined to the disciples who had been eyewitnesses of the ministry of Jesus. It was conspicuous in the ministry of the apostle Paul. At one point, in fact, Paul’s success in dealing with demons had an impact on the entire city of Ephesus:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>God did extraordinary miracles through Paul, so that even handkerchiefs and aprons that had touched him were taken to the sick, and their illnesses were cured and the evil spirits left them.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>Some Jews who went around driving out evil spirits tried to invoke the name of the Lord Jesus over those who were demon-possessed [demonized]. They would say, “In the name of Jesus, whom Paul preaches, I command you to come out.” Seven sons of Sceva, a Jewish chief priest, were doing this. One day the evil spirit answered them, “Jesus I know, and I know about Paul, but who are you?” Then the man who had the evil spirit jumped on them and overpowered them all. He gave them such a beating that they ran out of the house naked and bleeding.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>When this became known to the Jews and Greeks living in Ephesus, they were all seized with fear, and the name of the Lord Jesus was held in high honour.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>Acts 19:11-17, niv</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Since these sons of Sceva were deliberately imitating Paul, they provide us with a “shadow” from which we can form a picture of how Paul dealt with demons. Apparently he spoke directly to them and commanded them in the name of Jesus to come out of their victims. In other words, Paul followed the pattern of Jesus Himself.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The ignominious failure of the sons of Sceva is also clear proof that success in casting out demons does not depend merely on using the right “formula.” The person using the formula must be a sincere and yielded channel for the supernatural Person of the Holy Spirit.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>These events in Ephesus provide a further New Testament example of how the ministry of deliverance can affect an entire community. The spectacle of the sons of Sceva fleeing in disarray before a demonized man had an impact on the whole city of Ephesus, but especially on the Christians living there. It served to draw a clear dividing line between the disciples of Jesus and the unbelievers.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>Many of those who believed now came and openly confessed their evil deeds. A number who had practised sorcery brought their scrolls together and burned them publicly. When they calculated the value of the scrolls, the total came to fifty thousand drachmas.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>Acts 19:18-19, niv</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Up to that time many of these believers had apparently been trying to live with one foot in the Kingdom of God and one in the kingdom of Satan. They had made a profession of faith in Christ but had retained in their possession scrolls containing the secret formulas they had used in their occult practices. Apparently these scrolls were very valuable, which may have been one reason the Christians were reluctant to part with them. But once their eyes were opened to the real spiritual issues, they were willing to watch their scrolls burn.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>A drachma was one day’s wage. If we were to calculate the value of these scrolls in our own currency, basing it on forty dollars a day, the approximate minimum wage in the U.S., the equivalent would be more than two million dollars. Obviously there is money to be made in the occult!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The result of this dramatic confrontation between the two kingdoms is summed up in a closing verse: “So the word of the Lord grew mightily and prevailed” (Acts 19:20).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>If evangelism is seldom conducted with these results in the Western world, we need to ask who has changed. Is it Jesus? Or the demons? Or the Church?</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
