<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>10 - Ongoing Personal Conflicts</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x10-ongoing-personal-conflicts">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>10</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>Ongoing Personal Conflicts</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">I</span><span>n chapters 4 and 5 I related my agonising struggle with depression, and the pride that made me reluctant to acknowledge to my congregation that I had actually needed deliverance from a demon.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Also, I had always assumed that a person must be demon-free in order to minister deliverance to others. Yet I knew that someone who has been saved through faith in Christ does not have to become a perfect Christian before he or she can testify about salvation or lead others into it. In fact, the enthusiastic testimony of a new convert is often more effective than a sophisticated presentation by a mature believer.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The same can be true, I discovered, in the ministry of deliverance. People who have themselves experienced deliverance from demons are often the most successful in ministering deliverance to others, because they know from personal experience the power of the name of Jesus and the Word of God. They can also empathise with them in their struggles. Theological knowledge, on the other hand, can be more of a hindrance than a help. Deliverance is a ministry in which a person must be willing to “get his hands dirty,” dealing directly with representatives of Satan’s evil kingdom.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The basic requirement for ministering deliverance is stated by Jesus in Mark 16:17: “And these signs will follow those who believe: In My name they will cast out demons . . .” Jesus required only one thing: simple faith in His name and His Word. This is true whether one is casting demons out of others or expelling them from oneself.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Diagnosing the problems of others and helping them to be set free assisted me, paradoxically, in discerning and dealing with problems of my own. I soon learned two important principles. First, many &ndash; perhaps most &ndash; problems with demons begin in childhood. Second, if a person has persistent or intractable problems with demons, there is almost always some root in the occult. In that case, full deliverance will probably not come until this root has been exposed and dealt with.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Both of these principles applied in my own case. I was born to British parents, nominal Christians, in India, where I spent the first five years of my life. In accordance with the established custom among the British upper classes, my mother soon handed me over to a nanny, in my case a Hindu</span> <span class="italic">ayah,</span> <span>who undoubtedly became the strongest spiritual influence in my early life. I do not remember just what she did, but later, as a young boy, I often had the impression that some evil power was dogging my footsteps.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This dark influence followed me through all my early years. In my teens I formed glamorous images of India as a source of esoteric wisdom on a higher level than the materialistic culture of the West. In my student years at Cambridge, I studied yoga and even conceived an ambition to become a yogi. Had global travel been as easy then as it is now, I would doubtless have beaten a path to the door of some Indian guru.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>My field of study at Cambridge was Greek philosophy, and particularly the philosophy of Plato. My two heroes at this time were Socrates and Plato. Then in World War II I had a supernatural encounter with Jesus Christ (as I mentioned in chapter 4), and this completely changed the course of my life. From then on I became an ardent student of the Bible. But much of my thinking was still influenced by Plato, and I kept some of his writings as works of reference.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>As I gained further insight into the way people become exposed to demons, I saw that my admiration for Socrates and Plato kept open a door in my personality that made me vulnerable to demonic influence. Socrates himself acknowledged the influence of a demon in his life. As he was dying of the hemlock that he had been sentenced to drink, his last words to one of his associates were, “We owe a cock to Aesculapius.” He was ordering that a cock be sacrificed on his behalf to Aesculapius, the heathen god of healing.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Even though Socrates enjoys great prestige in the intellectual world, his behaviour fell into the same category as that of a man sacrificing a cock in a voodoo ceremony. Idolatry is still idolatry, even when described in elegant, classical Greek.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I realised, too, that a similar occult influence pervaded the writings of Plato, my other hero. In his last major dialogue, the</span> <span class="italic">Timaeus,</span> <span>he actually acknowledged, “We have no word from God.” So he turned to the occult literature of Egypt for revelation concerning the mysteries of the universe.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Again and again, as I sought to help those needing deliverance, I observed the close association between occult involvement and serious problems of depression. It became clear to me that this had probably contributed to my own struggles against depression when I was a young pastor.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One day in 1970 I was meditating on Deuteronomy 7:26: “Nor shall you bring an abomination into your house, lest you be doomed to destruction like it; but you shall utterly detest it and utterly abhor it, for it is an accursed thing.” I walked around my home and realised I had a number of “abominations.” So I made a decision that I believe had an important bearing on the future course of my life and ministry: I determined not to keep in my possession anything that in any way dishonoured Jesus Christ or that opened the door to demonic influence.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I rid myself of a succession of items I had inherited from my family: four antique, beautifully embroidered Chinese imperial dragons and a whole assortment of Chinese antiques, all carrying the emblem of the dragon. I also disposed of items containing elegant Arabic calligraphy, some of which undoubtedly gave glory to Mohammed and the Muslim god, Allah. I also cleared out my library, especially Plato’s books, and everything that in any way glorified the occult. Then I threw away a series of poems I had written in the days when I was still enamoured of India.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This dramatically changed the spiritual atmosphere around me. It was like passing out of twilight into the clear light of day.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I have real concern for the many Christians slow to recognise God’s intense hatred of every form of the occult. Tolerating any kind of continuing occult influence in our lives exposes us to forces that threaten our own spiritual well-being.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I remember when the TV series</span> <span class="italic">Bewitched</span> <span>brought the occult into our homes in a way that seemed amusing and harmless. Recognising its seductiveness, I warned other Christians of the danger of permitting such influences to enter their minds and spirits. Thirty years later occult programmes are proliferating on the TV screen and, in many cases, having a subtle, destructive effect on families. This is no less true of the Internet and, on a much wider scale, of movies, videos, toys and other forms of entertainment for children.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">Struggling with Fear</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>My release from demons has been progressive, perhaps because of my occult background and heritage. At times I have still had to seek the Lord for deliverance for myself. One of the enemies that has assailed me persistently is a spirit of fear that began in my childhood. In certain circumstances I would be gripped by fear. My stomach would tighten up, my body would grow tense and sometimes my face would turn pale, even though, by the exercise of my will, I could usually maintain outward control, so that people were not aware of the struggle going on inside me.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I remember vividly when I first experienced this kind of fear. I was nine years old, sitting on the back seat of a car going too fast down a steep incline. My whole body became tense, and suddenly I felt a tingling sensation in my feet that worked its way up my legs and seemed to settle in the pit of my stomach. We did not have an accident, but a spirit of fear entered me.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>After I was saved and baptised in the Holy Spirit, these attacks of fear diminished but did not altogether cease. Once I came into deliverance, I knew what to do. I would call on the Lord and He would set me free. Yet somehow I did not immediately succeed in keeping my deliverance. In moments of physical or emotional weakness, when my spiritual defences were weak, the spirit of fear would come on me unawares. As soon as I recognised its presence, I would once again claim and receive deliverance.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>At first I could not understand why I should have this continuing struggle, but then I saw from the Scriptures that many of God’s strongest servants experienced an ongoing battle with fear. I thought of David, the mighty man of valour, captain of the armies of Israel. He had a close and intimate relationship with the Lord, yet he had many fears. In Psalm 34:4, for example, David says, “I sought the Lord, and He heard me, and delivered me from all my fears.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I pondered on that phrase</span> <span class="italic">all my fears.</span> <span>Then I began to consider many different kinds of fear: fear of the dark, fear of heights, fear of man, fear of failure, fear of sickness, fear of death, fear of confined places (claustrophobia), fear of open or public places (agoraphobia), fear of the unknown. . . . A complete list would be very long. Every one of these fears is agonisingly real to the one suffering from it.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I recalled, too, Paul’s description of the troubles he encountered in Macedonia. He was attacked not only from without but also from within: “We were troubled on every side. Outside were conflicts, inside were fears” (2 Corinthians 7:5).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I would not dare to compare myself with David and Paul, two of the Lord’s most valiant servants. Nevertheless, since they struggled with fears, I did not necessarily have to write myself off as a failure because I, too, experienced such struggles.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In time I learned how to deal with this particular attack. Today, whenever I recognise the familiar symptoms of fear coming on me, I quote 2 Timothy 1:7, applying it personally: “God has not given [me] a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind [self-discipline].” Then I take my stand against the spirit of fear. When I do this, I am victorious. The spirit of fear can attack me from without, but it cannot enter me.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">Essential Spiritual Conflict</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This experience and others led me to rethink my concept of the Christian life. I shall always be grateful to the Christians through whom I came to the Lord in 1941. I respected their uncompromising acceptance of Scripture as the inspired, authoritative Word of God. But as I studied the Bible and encountered the problems Christians face, I realised that some of their doctrinal positions were based on human tradition, not Scripture. For instance, they often presented a simplistic picture of the Christian life: You get saved and born again, baptised in water, baptised in the Holy Spirit with the evidence of tongues &ndash; and then you have no more problems. Although not presented explicitly as a doctrine, this was the assumption behind much of their thinking.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Unfortunately, it does not correspond to the realities of the Christian life. As I have walked with the Lord, I can testify, like many others, that we never really know what spiritual problems are until we are baptised in the Holy Spirit. Only then do we begin to understand the full meaning of words such as</span> <span class="italic">temptation</span> <span>or</span> <span class="italic">oppression</span> <span>or</span> <span class="italic">spiritual conflict.</span> <span>This is no reason, however, to become discouraged. We need only look at the pattern of Jesus Himself. After the Holy Spirit came upon Him and He entered His ministry as Messiah, the Anointed One, His next experience was forty days of intense, person-to-person conflict with Satan in the wilderness.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>He entered this conflict</span> <span class="italic">“filled with the Holy Spirit”</span> <span>(Luke 4:1), but He came out of it victorious over Satan, and began His public ministry</span> <span class="italic">“in the power of the Spirit”</span> <span>(verse 14). The full power of the Holy Spirit was not released even in Jesus until He had met and defeated Satan in a direct, person-to-person encounter.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The pattern Jesus set is one that each of us must follow. God releases the power of the Holy Spirit through us only in the measure that we are victorious in our spiritual conflict with Satan. It took Jesus forty days to gain His victory, but at the end it was total. We must follow the same pattern, although our victories will never be on the same level as His. We cannot bypass the conflict with Satan if we desire to see the power of the Holy Spirit released in our lives. Spiritual conflict of this kind is not the evidence of failure. Rather, it is an essential condition for fruitful ministry.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Meditating on this, I thought about my first wife, Lydia, who is now with the Lord. When I came to know her in the 1940s in what was then Palestine, she was one of the boldest and most committed Christians I had ever met. She had been a successful schoolteacher from a well-to-do family in Denmark. She left all that and came to Jerusalem in obedience to God, not knowing what He had in store for her. In 1928 she took a little dying baby girl and nursed her to health. (This story is told in my book</span> <span class="italic">Appointment in Jerusalem.)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>For the next twenty years Lydia maintained a home for girls without parents, as a woman on her own in a culture where women are generally considered inferior. During those years she had faced riots, bandits, economic privation, primitive living conditions and opposition from Jews and Muslims, but she had never wavered. She continued that life of victory &ndash; whether in the pressures of post-war London, on a mission station in East Africa or travelling with me in ministry &ndash; right up to her death in 1975.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Yet one episode in her life surprised me. In the 1970s she and I ministered to hundreds of people needing deliverance, and we saw many glorious victories. One time after a particularly powerful session, we were returning to the apartment the church had made available to us, but Lydia refused to take the elevator. Instead she chose to walk up four flights of stairs. When I questioned her about this, she replied, “I don’t feel comfortable in an elevator.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>We talked a little more, and she recalled an incident in Denmark when she was five. She had been playing in a cupboard under the stairs in her aunt’s house, and the aunt, seeing the door open, closed and latched it. Finding herself a prisoner in the dark, Lydia became hysterical. She began to scream and pound on the door. The aunt came to her rescue quickly, but in those few moments a demon of claustrophobia &ndash; a fear of confined spaces &ndash; had apparently entered Lydia.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>As soon as Lydia’s problem was brought out into the open and identified as a spirit of fear, we prayed together and she was completely delivered. She never again had a problem with elevators.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>We were both astonished that Lydia herself could need deliverance after helping set so many others free. But it taught me that we need to be ready to respond to the Holy Spirit’s prompting even if it does not suit our theology! If Lydia and I had not prayed that evening, she would never have come to full victory in that area.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>So I am no longer taken aback by demonic conflict even in mature Christians. I have learned, for example, to look for demonic activity in some physical infirmities. At times I have had a sore throat, cold or sinus congestion and prayed for healing with no obvious change. I would endure a week or two of frustrating infirmity before the conditions cleared up. One day, however, I was reading about the time Jesus entered the house of Simon Peter and found Peter’s mother-in-law sick with a high fever. “So He stood over her and</span> <span class="italic">rebuked</span> <span>the fever, and it left her. And immediately she arose and served them” (Luke 4:39, emphasis added). Why would Jesus</span> <span class="italic">rebuke</span> <span>a fever? Clearly He saw in that fever something more than a mere physical condition.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The next time I was fighting a feverish cold, I decided to follow the example of Jesus. I took my stand against it as a demon and received a powerful deliverance. The condition, instead of lasting a week or two, cleared up within 24 hours.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Now, when I experience pain or sickness of any kind, I consider the possibility that there is a demon behind it. If this diagnosis proves correct, complete deliverance usually follows quickly. If the problem is due to a natural physical condition, on the other hand, I pray for healing and wait on God to respond. I am also grateful for the help of doctors and medications when God leads in that way.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It would be absurd to suggest that all sicknesses are caused by demons. Some are, some are not. This makes it important to cultivate discernment, so that we can recognise which sicknesses have demonic causes and which do not. The writer of Hebrews provides a key to developing this kind of discernment: “But solid food belongs to those who are of full age, that is, those who by reason of use [margin,</span> <span class="italic">practice</span><span>] have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil” (Hebrews 5:14).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are two requirements, then. First, we need to</span> <span class="italic">feed</span> <span>on solid food &ndash; that is, the full revelation God has given us through the complete Bible. A thorough knowledge of Scripture is essential. Second, we must</span> <span class="italic">practice</span> <span>discerning. This is not something that will come to us only by Bible knowledge or theory. Nor does it apply only to recognising the activity of demons. It requires the consistent exercise of our spiritual senses in every situation we encounter.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">The Moment of God’s Choosing</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In 1994 I had a strange, unexpected experience. I was with a group of Christian intercessors, waiting on the Lord. Suddenly, without any act of my will, my hands went up into the air and my body went through a series of convulsive jerks. For a moment I felt embarrassed, wondering what the other people would think. Then I asked myself,</span> <span class="italic">Which is more important &ndash; what people think or what God wants to do?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I decided to yield without reservation to what God was doing. (Actually, most of the others were too preoccupied with God to notice what was happening to me.) The convulsive jerks lasted for a few minutes; then I relaxed and my body went limp. I knew I had received deliverance from a spirit, and the word</span> <span class="italic">stiffness</span> <span>came to my mind. Then God showed me when and how that spirit had gained access.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>When I was born in India in 1915, the local medical facilities were relatively primitive. When I was eighteen months old, the doctor detected that my legs were unequal in length. He put one leg in a splint for several months and instructed my mother to keep me on my back. As a result I developed a stiffness in some parts of my body and an inability to make certain normal physical movements.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In the intervening nearly eighty years, I had experienced a whole series of blessings from God: salvation, the baptism in the Holy Spirit, miraculous healing, the exercise of various spiritual gifts. Yet that spirit of stiffness did not leave me until the moment God sovereignly intervened to expose it and drive it out. Now, since my deliverance, I have begun to experience new freedom of movement.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Like Lydia, my second wife, Ruth, has been an active participant with me in helping set many people free from demons. But her life, too, has not been free from demonic conflict. We have learned that God, in His sovereignty, uncovers demonic activity at times of His own choosing.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One morning about ten years ago, we had been sitting up in bed reading our Bibles, as we regularly do, when Ruth began to speak of some of the influences to which she had been exposed as a practising Jew. She related how powerfully her thinking had been affected by the humanistic element in Jewish culture. Suddenly she said, “I wonder if humanism could be a spirit.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>When Ruth renounced that spirit and commanded it to leave her, she began to shake violently. In fact, if I had not held onto her, it would have thrown her out of bed. As soon as the spirit was cast out, Ruth regained control of her body and began to praise and worship God.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>What surprised us both was that something that seemed so abstract and intellectual could produce such a powerful physical reaction. As I meditated on this, I realised that humanism has its roots in Greek philosophy. It is one of the major satanic forces at work in the world today, I believe, and will ultimately open the way for the rise of the Antichrist.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>From this and other experiences in the demonic realm, I have come to see that we are in a war. The more battles we win, the more we learn to recognise Satan’s tactics, and thus come closer to the full victory Jesus won for us on the cross.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I can sum up the lessons I have learned in the words of Paul in Philippians 3:12: “Not that I have already attained, or am already perfected; but I press on, that I may lay hold of that for which Christ Jesus has also laid hold of me.”</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
