<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>17 - Will the Holy Spirit Indwell an Unclean Vessel</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x17-will-the-holy-spirit-indwell-an-unclean-vessel">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>17</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>Will the Holy Spirit Indwell an Unclean Vessel?</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">T</span><span>he Christians who ask this question, like those who ask whether believers can ever need deliverance from demons, usually imply by their tone that the answer obviously must be</span> <span class="italic">No!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Contrary to many people’s thinking, however, the answer to this seventh and final question is</span> <span class="italic">Yes!</span> <span>The Holy Spirit will dwell in a vessel that is not totally clean, provided that He has been given access to the central, controlling area of human personality:</span> <span class="italic">the heart.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One unchallengeable example of this is provided by King David. According to the record of 2 Samuel 11, David was guilty of the sins of adultery and murder. First he committed adultery with Bathsheba; then he procured the murder of Bathsheba’s husband, Uriah. Undoubtedly David was grossly defiled by these two sins. Yet when Nathan the prophet came to confront him with his sins, he repented. Later, in bitter anguish, he prayed to the Lord, “Do not take Your Holy Spirit from me. Restore to me the joy of Your salvation” (Psalm 51:11-12).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The wording of David’s prayer is significant. He asked God to</span> <span class="italic">restore</span> <span>to him the joy of his salvation, but not to restore the Holy Spirit to him. Rather, he asked God</span> <span class="italic">not to take away His Holy Spirit.</span> <span>David had lost the joy of salvation and prayed for it to be restored, but he had never lost the presence of the Holy Spirit. Amazing as it seems, even through the sins he had committed, the Holy Spirit had remained with him.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Because God had not withdrawn His Holy Spirit, David was still able to repent. Without the Holy Spirit’s urging, he could not have repented. On the other hand, if David had rejected the Holy Spirit’s prompting, then God would almost certainly have taken the Spirit from him.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This is clear, scriptural evidence that in certain cases, the Holy Spirit will indwell an unclean vessel.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Every born-again, Spirit-filled Christian needs to thank God for this demonstration of His mercy and grace. Without it few of us would have any hope that the Holy Spirit would remain with us. Adultery or murder are not the only sins that can defile us, as Jesus made clear in Mark 7:21-23:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>“For from within, out of the heart of men, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders, thefts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit, licentiousness, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness. All these evil things come from within and defile a man.”</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>Let us focus for a moment on five of the sins in Jesus’ list: evil thoughts, covetousness, deceit, pride, foolishness. I have been associated with Christians for more than fifty years and I cannot think of one to whom I could point and say with confidence, “This person has never been guilty of any of these defiling sins.” Certainly I would not claim that for myself.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Yet God in His mercy does not take His Holy Spirit from us. He continues to indwell us, defiled though we are, but at the same time He pleads with us constantly to repent. I am grateful that the New Testament does not paint an idealistic, unrealistic picture of Christians!</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">The Continuous Struggle against Sin</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Paul challenged Christians to a life of separation and holiness:</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Therefore</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>“Come out from among them [unbelieving Gentiles]</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>And be separate, says the Lord.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Do not touch what is unclean,</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>And I will receive you.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I will be a Father to you,</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>And you shall be My sons and daughters,</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Says the Lord Almighty.”</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>2 Corinthians 6:17-18</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>But immediately afterward Paul continued: “Therefore, having these promises, beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God” (2 Corinthians 7:1).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Paul said, “Let us cleanse</span> <span class="italic">ourselves.”</span> <span>God will not do the cleansing for us. We are responsible to do it for ourselves. We must use the means of grace He has provided: We must confess our sins, repent and meet God’s conditions for forgiveness and cleansing.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Note, too, Paul’s words “Let</span> <span class="italic">us</span> <span>cleanse ourselves.” Great apostle though he was, he included himself among those who needed cleansing. Nevertheless the Holy Spirit continued to indwell Paul and the Christians to whom he was writing, even though they were not yet fully cleansed.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Paul was uncompromising about God’s standard of holiness, but equally clear that he had not yet attained it. In Philippians 3:12-15 he described his personal pursuit of holiness:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>Not that I have already attained, or am already perfected; but I press on, that I may lay hold of that for which Christ Jesus has also laid hold of me. Brethren, I do not count myself to have apprehended; but one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind and reaching forward to those things which are ahead, I press toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of God in Christ Jesus. Therefore let us, as many as are mature, have this mind; and if in anything you think otherwise, God will reveal even this to you.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>Each of us can do no better than follow Paul’s example: acknowledge our need of cleansing, reach out to God for it and then press on to attain the standard God has set before us.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I must emphasise that I have no intention of trying to lower God’s standards of holiness. They are forever fixed and unchangeable. But we need to be honest and realistic about the degree to which most of us have succeeded in attaining to those standards.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The teaching that every area of a person’s life must be totally clean before the Holy Spirit will indwell him may produce one of two undesirable consequences. It may deter some sincere believers from seeking the infilling of the Holy Spirit, since they say to themselves,</span> <span class="italic">I’ll never be able to reach that standard.</span> <span>Or this kind of teaching may pressure others who have received the baptism of the Holy Spirit into a form of self-righteous hypocrisy. Their reasoning goes something like this:</span> <span class="italic">I must have been perfect to have received the Holy Spirit, so now I’ve got to go on being perfect all the time.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The result is a make-believe Christian lifestyle. Such people still lose their tempers but now they call it righteous indignation. They still criticise their minister or their fellow Christians but they call it discernment. They still overindulge their physical appetites but they justify it by saying, “All things are lawful.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>We need to remember that the Holy Spirit is also the Spirit of truth. He is pleased when we are honest about ourselves, even though it hurts our pride. Conversely He is grieved when we hide behind a religious front.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>You may ask, “Are you implying that God has no requirements for those who receive the Holy Spirit?” Certainly not! But we need to be clear as to just what they are.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">The Divine Requirement</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In the book of Acts we see a divine precedent: the experience of the Gentiles in the house of Cornelius who received the Holy Spirit when Peter visited them (see Acts 10:24-48). These were not Jews seeking to follow the Law of Moses. They were Gentiles, and this was probably the first time any of them had heard the Gospel. Yet the Holy Spirit fell on them and they began to speak with tongues. It would be unrealistic to think that every area of their lives had been brought into line with God’s standards by this one experience, or that they were totally free from the defilement of their Gentile background. Yet Peter commanded them to be baptised, thereby acknowledging their right to become members of Christ’s Church. Speaking of this experience later, Peter said, “[God] made no distinction between us [Jews] and them [Gentiles], purifying their hearts by faith” (Acts 15:9).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Here, then, is the essential requirement for receiving the Holy Spirit:</span> <span class="italic">a heart purified by faith.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Solomon counsels us, “Above all else, guard your heart, for it is the wellspring of life” (Proverbs 4:23, niv). All that we do and the way that we live spring from one source: the heart. It is characteristic of God’s practical nature that His redemptive purposes begin with the heart. Once He has purified the heart, He works outward from there with His sanctifying grace, until He has brought the whole personality under the control of His Spirit.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Does this happen immediately? Listen to Hebrews 10:14: “For by one offering [sacrifice] He [Jesus] has perfected forever those who are being sanctified.” To describe the sacrifice of Jesus, the writer uses the perfect tense: He</span> <span class="italic">has perfected.</span> <span>It is finally and forever complete. Nothing needs to be added to it and nothing can ever be taken away from it.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In describing the work of sanctification, on the other hand, the writer uses a progressive tense: They</span> <span class="italic">are being sanctified.</span> <span>Becoming holy is a stage-by-stage appropriation of what has already been made available to us by the sacrifice of Jesus. In this process the Holy Spirit (as His title indicates) is our Helper.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The Holy Spirit is realistic about our failings. He gently points out our mistakes and sins, and helps us to change. At times He may powerfully convict us, but He never condemns us.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This realism about the continual struggle of Christians against sin is presented forcefully in the New Testament. In Hebrews 3:13 the writer says: “Exhort one another daily . . . lest any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin.” Again in Hebrews 12:1 the writer speaks about “the sin which so easily ensnares us.” And in verse 4 he says, “You have not yet resisted to bloodshed, striving against sin.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Dealing with sin is a life-and-death struggle. It is not shameful to acknowledge that sin is still at work in our lives. On the contrary, our great danger lies in refusing to acknowledge it, which leaves us unprepared to resist temptations when they do come.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>If the Holy Spirit were to wait until we are perfect to take up His dwelling within us, it would be like a professor saying to his students, “I’ll start teaching you when you have passed your exams.” His students would respond, “But professor, that’s not what we need! We need you to start teaching us now, so we’ll learn what we need to pass our exams.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It is now that we need the Holy Spirit, so that we may have His help available to us continually to overcome the power of evil and to attain to God’s standard of holiness. One particular area of conflict in which we need the Holy Spirit’s help is in dealing with demons. The Holy Spirit does not withhold His help if He discerns that there are demons within us. On the contrary, He sees our need more clearly than we do ourselves, and He empowers us to expel them. Because He has compassion on us, He is willing to take up His dwelling within us, and to work with us to establish Christ’s victory over all the power of the enemy. Our progress depends on the degree to which we co-operate with the Holy Spirit within us.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Let me emphasise once again: The Holy Spirit does not come to indwell us because we are already perfect. He comes to help us so that we may become perfect.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Certainly the Holy Spirit will not help us in our struggle with demons if we intend to continue living in sin. But if we recognise our sins and sincerely repent, He will fight with us against the demons that enslave us. With His help we will be able to expel them and be set free.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">Cleansing the Vessel</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>In the testimony that follows, a congressional aide in Washington, D.C., speaks frankly of her personal struggles:</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I was baptised in the Spirit about seven years ago. In late June of last year, in a church in Washington, D.C., I received an instant healing of nerve deafness. Then in August my doctor confirmed that I was healed of cysts and tumours in the breasts.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I was top staff member for a Congressman and, while he personally was thrilled with my experience of healing, my testimony was not well received in the political circles in which I moved. In September I resigned from my job and spent the next few months resting and taking time with the Lord.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Then in mid-December I became depressed and despondent. The first week of January was horrible! One day I lost my temper. I was here all alone, and it related to a most trivial matter. I realised instantly the sin I had committed &ndash; anger. And as I tried to pray for forgiveness in English, I felt choked . . . not from emotions, but a distinct pressure on my throat &ndash; a very real physical force.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>A friend suggested that I might need deliverance. So I bought your tapes dealing with deliverance and demonology.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I have always shied away from anything concerning spirits, demons, ghosts and what-have-you, believing that if I left them alone, they would surely leave me alone. I just did not want any truck with spirits and demons! Still, I listened to your tapes on deliverance. I had my Bible on the table and kept pace as you followed through the Scriptures. At the end of the tape, when you gave the instructions to your class, I decided to follow also. Then you started the prayer for deliverance, but the tape ended abruptly &ndash; and almost the last thing you said on the tape is, “Remember, Jesus is your Deliverer.”</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I did not know what to expect or what to do. So my prayer to the Lord was that I didn’t know what to do, but that since He was my Deliverer, I was committing myself completely to Him. I named those things not of the Lord that I felt were evil and sinful and which I did not want to be part of me &ndash; resentment, unforgiveness, doubts, anxieties, fears, etc.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>As I have said, I didn’t know what to expect. Within a very few minutes, not more than two or three, I began to heave and gag in the most desperate kind of way. After about ten minutes or so, I felt that my abdominal region would never be the same! But I did not feel or believe that I was completely released. Then I asked the demons or spirits to name themselves and I commanded them to come out. This did not happen. Why, I don’t know.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Then I asked the Lord to tell me if there were more, and what the names were, so I could ask deliverance from them. The first one was suicide, and the force was something terrific. I felt it all the way to the top of my head. I felt some release, but not completely. I asked the Lord to tell me if there were more &ndash; and I was told it was the deaf spirit. The deliverance of that was fantastic! It lasted longer than anything else, and the force actually pulled my abdomen to my back, and I physically felt the violent uprooting of my stomach, and in this also I felt the pressure in my head.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I am completely released, and ever since have known such a marvellous peace.</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
