<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>25 - Helping Others Be Set Free</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x25-helping-others-be-set-free">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>25</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>Helping Others Be Set Free</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">P</span><span>eople who have been delivered from demons often begin to see clearly the need for others to receive similar deliverance. Also, they can empathise with them because they remember the pressures to which they were subjected and the struggles involved in the process of being delivered. As a result, many find themselves spontaneously reaching out to others who also need deliverance.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In Mark 16:17 Jesus opened up this ministry to all believers: “And these signs will follow those who believe: In My name they will cast out demons . . .”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>As a general principle, however, deliverance should be practised primarily by people with apostolic, pastoral or evangelistic ministries, or their co-workers. But any Christian confronted by a demonized person may in certain circumstances be called on to cast out demons. I have seen in experience, however, that people who engage in a regular ministry of deliverance without observing certain scriptural conditions for exercising authority usually end up in trouble.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>Here are some general principles that can safeguard the practice of deliverance:</span></p>

    <ol class="calibre4">
      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Be under authority</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Two are better than one</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Do not minister alone to a member of the opposite sex</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Use the cross and the sword of the Spirit</span></li>
    </ol>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">1. Be under Authority</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>At one point in His ministry, Jesus sent out seventy disciples to prepare the way before Him. They returned with great excitement, reporting that “even the demons are subject to us in Your name” (Luke 10:17). Jesus responded, “Behold, I give you the authority … over all the power of the enemy” (verse 19). The decisive factor in dealing with demons is the exercise of scriptural authority.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>A Roman centurion who came to Jesus on behalf of his sick servant recognised that Jesus’ spiritual authority was comparable to his own military authority. He summed up in one sentence the essential condition for exercising authority in any sphere: “Say the word, and my servant will be healed. For I also am a man placed under authority. . .” (Luke 7:7-8). To exercise authority, a person must first be</span> <span class="italic">under authority.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are certain scriptural principles that govern the exercise of authority.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>First, the supreme source of all authority is God Himself. After the resurrection, however, Jesus declared to His disciples, “All authority has been given to Me in heaven and on earth” (Matthew 28:18). This means that all authority descends from God the Father through Jesus the Son. To be under scriptural authority, therefore, every Christian needs to find his or her place in a chain of authority that stretches upward through Christ to God.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In 1 Corinthians 11:2-7 Paul uses covering the head as a symbol of authority. To be under authority is to be “covered” &ndash; that is, protected. Not to be under authority is to be “uncovered” &ndash; that is, unprotected. For every Christian, therefore, to be under an appropriate form of authority is to be spiritually protected. A Christian not under authority is spiritually unprotected and is in great danger.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>God has made Christ “head over all things to the church, which is His body” (Ephesians 1:22-23). It is natural, therefore, for Him to exercise His authority in any area through the leadership of a local church. This means that a Christian who desires to be protected spiritually should take his or her place in the structure of a local church.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Ruth and I attach great importance to this issue of authority. Wherever we reside, we make ourselves part of a local congregation and come under its leadership. When we go out on ministry trips, we are sent out from our local church. In addition, our world-wide ministry is directed by an International Council in which we share leadership with a group of our co-workers who represent the various countries in which they minister. For my part, I always make it plain that I have no desire to be independent. On the contrary, I gladly recognise that I am dependent &ndash; first and foremost on God, then on the people of God.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One other main area in which God delegates His authority is the family. In 1 Corinthians 11:3 Paul depicts a chain of authority descending from God, through Christ, into every family on earth: “But I want you to know that the head of every man is Christ, the head of woman is man, and the head of Christ is God.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>A married woman is normally under the authority of her husband and should not be engaged in ministering without her husband’s full knowledge and approval. Peter warns us, however, that if there is not harmony between husband and wife, the husband’s prayers will be hindered (see 1 Peter 3:7). An unmarried woman, if still at home, needs her father’s authorisation. Single women living on their own should have the authorisation and oversight of mature spiritual leaders.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Men who practice deliverance, whether single or married, should be part of a fellowship or church with an effective structure of authority. This whole area of dealing with demons is a dangerous place for “lone rangers,” whether male or female.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There is one key word in the question of being under authority:</span> <span class="italic">accountable.</span> <span>Each Christian needs to ask,</span> <span class="italic">To whom am I accountable?</span> <span>A person not accountable to anyone is not under authority.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In two places Jesus speaks about authority to bind and to loose. In each case it is in relationship to the Church. In Matthew 16:18&ndash;19 Jesus says to Peter, “. . .On this rock I will build My church . . . and whatever you [singular] bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Again in Matthew 18:17-18 Jesus is speaking about bringing an offending brother before the Church, and He concludes, “Whatever you [plural] bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven.” In this case binding and loosing is a collective action of the Church as a whole.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The key to the scriptural exercise of all authority is</span> <span class="italic">right relationships.</span> <span>This applies specifically to binding and loosing demonic forces. A person who is not in a right relationship to the Body of Christ may attempt to bind or loose demons, but the authority to make it effective will be lacking.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">2. Two Are Better than One</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>There is no record in the gospels that Jesus ever sent anyone out to minister by himself. He always sent out His disciples in pairs. Normally only an experienced minister with authority should undertake the ministry of deliverance on his own. (Bear in mind, there is always the possibility that a person receiving deliverance may become violent.)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This principle is emphasised by Solomon in Ecclesiastes 4:9-10:</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Two are better than one,</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Because they have a good reward for their labour.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>For if they fall, one will lift up his companion.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>But woe to him who is alone when he falls,</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>For he has no one to help him up.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">3. Do Not Minister Alone to a Member of the Opposite Sex</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It is unwise for a woman to attempt to minister to a man on her own, or for a man to minister to a woman on his own. Generally the best team for this ministry is a married couple working in harmony.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In each of my two marriages God has blessed me with a wife with whom I have lived in harmony and who worked at my side every time I ministered deliverance. I owe much to the special contributions of Ruth, and Lydia before her &ndash; a word of knowledge, a gift of healing or discerning of spirits. During the period of three years between my first and second marriages, while I was a widower, I never counselled a woman alone. I was always careful to have the support and help of a mature and competent brother or sister in the Lord.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">4. Use the Cross and the Sword of the Spirit</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There is one &ndash; and only one &ndash; all-sufficient basis on which anyone can claim deliverance from demons: the substitutionary sacrifice of Jesus on the cross. By this He made atonement for the sins of the whole human race and stripped Satan of his primary weapon against us:</span> <span class="italic">guilt.</span> <span>By faith in this sacrifice, each one of us is justified, acquitted, “just-as-if-I’d never sinned.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Lay hold of this truth and make it central in all your instruction to those you are helping.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Likewise, there is only one weapon that is invariably effective in dealing with demons. It is the sword of the Spirit &ndash; the words of Scripture spoken boldly and in faith. Demons are not frightened by denominational labels, ecclesiastical titles or theological arguments. But against the sharp sword thrust of God’s Word, spoken in faith, demons have no defence.</span></p>

    <p class="calibre5"><span class="heading2">Final Practical Points</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>If you are preparing to minister to someone who needs deliverance, here are twelve practical points to help make your ministry more effective. For the sake of brevity, I will refer to the person receiving deliverance as “the counsellee,” and I will use masculine pronouns that may apply to either sex.</span></p>

    <ol class="calibre4">
      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Reread chapter 21 of this book and, insofar as possible, take the counsellee through the nine preliminary steps.</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Let the sacrifice of Jesus on the cross be the basis of all you do. Likewise, encourage the counsellee to look away from himself and focus on the cross.</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Check for the following three critical issues:<br class="calibre1" /></span><span class="italic2">Repentance:</span> <span>Has the counsellee gone through a genuine experience of repentance, as defined earlier?<br class="calibre1" /></span><span class="italic2">Forgiveness:</span> <span>Is there anyone whom the counsellee has not truly forgiven? Is he still holding resentment against anyone?<br class="calibre1" /></span><span class="italic2">Renunciation:</span> <span>Has the counsellee totally renounced every contact with the occult and/or every binding personal relationship?</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>If the counsellee is struggling, do not simply take over and do it all for him. Suggest appropriate Scriptures for him to quote on his own behalf. Encourage him to exercise and develop his own faith. This will help him face any further conflicts with Satan.</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Sometimes the process of deliverance may encounter a kind of spiritual “logjam” in which the counsellee appears to be struggling against something in himself that he does not fully understand. If this happens, ask the Lord for a word of knowledge that will identify the nature of the problem. This word of knowledge may come either to the counsellee or to the one ministering. It may concern a sin that must be confessed or a binding power that must be broken (for example, a false religion). To proceed further, the counsellee must repent of the sin or break the binding power. Alternatively, the Holy Spirit may reveal the name of a certain demon resisting the deliverance. If so, instruct the counsellee to take his stand in the name of Jesus and renounce that particular demon by name.</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Demons often come out through the mouth with sobbing, crying, screaming, roaring, spitting or even vomiting. Have a supply of tissues or paper towels or other similar materials ready that the counsellee can use.</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>A woman sometimes expels demons with loud screaming. If she continues to scream without receiving any further deliverance, remember that a demon may have lodged itself in the narrow part of her throat and be holding on there. Explain this to the woman and instruct her to expel the demon from her throat with a deliberate, forceful cough (see chapter 21).</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Do not shout at demons. They are not deaf. Even a spirit of deafness is not deaf. Shouting at them does not give you more authority; it only uses strength that could be better spent in other ways.</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Do not waste time on attention-getters &ndash; people who go through some of the actions of a person receiving deliverance but are interested only in attracting attention to themselves (see chapter 24).</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>As you minister, Satan may attack you with a spirit of fear. If so, affirm that “God has not given [me] a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind”<br class="calibre1" />
      (2 Timothy 1:7). Remember, too, the promise Jesus gave His disciples when they had to deal with demons: “Nothing shall by any means hurt you” (Luke 10:19).</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Continually emphasise the promise of Joel 2:32: “Whoever calls on the name of the Lord shall be saved [delivered].”</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Remember the power in the name of Jesus and the blood of Jesus. Here is a proclamation I have used many times (taken from my book</span> <span class="italic2">Prayers and Proclamations</span><span>) to enable Christians to apprehend and possess the victory Jesus won for us on the cross:</span></li>
    </ol>

    <p class="centered"><span>We overcome Satan when we testify personally</span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>to what the Word of God says</span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>the blood of Jesus does for us:<a class="calibre2" href="#x7-anchor">7</a></span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>Through the blood of Jesus</span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>I am redeemed out of the hand of the devil.<a class="calibre2" href="#x8-anchor">8</a></span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>Through the blood of Jesus</span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>all my sins are forgiven.<a class="calibre2" href="#x9-anchor">9</a></span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>Through the blood of Jesus</span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>I am continually being cleansed from all sin.<a class="calibre2" href="#x10-anchor">10</a></span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>Through the blood of Jesus</span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>I am justified, made righteous, just-as-if-I’d</span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>never sinned.<a class="calibre2" href="#x11-anchor">11</a></span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>Through the blood of Jesus</span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>I am sanctified, made holy, set apart to God.<a class="calibre2" href="#x12-anchor">12</a></span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>Through the blood of Jesus</span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>I have boldness to enter the presence of God.<a class="calibre2" href="#x13-anchor">13</a></span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>The blood of Jesus cries out continually</span></p>

    <p class="centered"><span>to God in heaven on my behalf.<a class="calibre2" href="#x14-anchor">14</a></span></p>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>Each person ministering deliverance will discover other practical points. But theory can take us only so far. In the end we all have to learn by doing. I hope this book will help you avoid some of the mistakes I have made!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One final word of great importance. It was love that motivated God to provide deliverance for us through the sacrificial death of Jesus. Our motivation should be the same. Ask God, therefore, to make you an instrument of His love: “Let all that you do be done with love” (1 Corinthians 16:14).</span></p><a class="calibre3" id="x7-anchor"></a>

    <p class="footnote"><span>7. Revelation 12:11, <a class="calibre3" id="x8-anchor"></a>8. Ephesians 1:7, <a class="calibre3" id="x9-anchor"></a>9. 1 John 1:9, <a class="calibre3" id="x10-anchor"></a>10. 1 John 1:7, <a class="calibre3" id="x11-anchor"></a>11. Romans 5:9, <a class="calibre3" id="x12-anchor"></a>12. Hebrews 13:12, <a class="calibre3" id="x13-anchor"></a>13. Hebrews 10:19, <a class="calibre3" id="x14-anchor"></a>14. Hebrews 12:24</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
