what's up family peace and blessings
peace and blessings Martha messenger
we're back in your video this one's
going to be about the spiritual attacks
and the spiritual war you to be going
through uh as Believers in Christ
especially in the beginning of your walk
you see because the Bible says there's a
time for war and then a Time For Peace
and I feel like not many people talk
about the war side of it and you know
when you're in a spiritual war a lot of
people are going to look at you weird
and crazy because you're experiencing
things that people haven't experienced
yet you know now some people never
experien it because some people serve
the devil's side some people are on the
other side of History the wrong side of
History I should say and you know when
you're under a spiritual warfare and
you're getting spiritually attacked
because you departed from your sins um
you're pretty much being obedient more
to God uh you're keeping God's
Commandments excuse the background no to
by the way it might be kind of loud I
might have to edit that out but anyways
uh you gave up your sins you you live
your life of repentance uh you're pretty
much you know walking in the spirit you
could expect 100%
uh for you to get attacked okay uh and
this is a good thing too as well because
you got to understand that even Christ
was under attack heavily you know even
his own people his own people went
against him so you should rejoice when
these things are happening when you're
being persecuted for righteousness sake
okay this is actually a good thing you
actually should embrace this okay just
like I told you guys Embrace being you
know uncomfortable okay when you're
uncomfortable that's usually you know
for the right things obviously but you
know you're uncomfortable because you
know following Christ in this world
following God and you know his law
statute Commandments in this world we're
living in is so bizarre to many people
it's so crazy and it's just you know you
don't want you know they look at you
weird and crazy even so-called
Christians when you say that you don't
want to partake in Christmas and Easter
and Halloween you know you're pretty
much really following God wholeheartedly
and you no longer want to do with the
paganism you don't want no longer want
to do with what the world is following
because that's what the world is
following so you're pretty much going
your own way which is you know being set
apart when I say your own way I'm
talking about you know following what
God wants in your life God the Narrow
Path okay so um and you're you know
you're pretty much the black sheep of
your family uh of the world okay you
know because many people in this world
guys are sheep and goats and there's
nothing wrong with being a sheep but
when you're a sheeple when you just you
know you're following what everybody
else is doing just because everybody
else is doing you're going to find
yourself you know on the path to
destruction uh the blind leading the
blind okay if the blind lead the blind
all fall into a ditch so one of the most
important things to understand and to
realize that you're into spiritual
warfare you got to be conscious of
knowing that okay I have gave up my sins
now let me pay attention let's pay
attention to wisdom let's pay attention
to knowledge let's pay attention to
understanding because it will teach you
it will show you let's pay attention to
the holy spirit that wow you know I'm on
the right side I'm I'm I'm doing the
right thing so Embrace when you get
attacked for the right things now of
course you could also get attacked for
the wrong things okay there's many wrong
things you could do on your walk you
know reaping what you're what you s if
you do wrong to somebody expect for you
to get wronged okay if you're if you're
causing hell in someone's life expect
for a hell to visit your life okay now
this might not happen instantly this
could happen 5 days five weeks five
months 5 years from now but best believe
whatever you you reap in this lifetime
will come back to you okay so this is
why you should always choose to do good
okay and don't do good for reward from
people okay you do good because you know
that this is what God has called you to
do okay you light of the world you know
Israel is the salt of the earth okay so
that's what we're called to be and it's
not easy like I said guys it's not easy
when we live in a such a defiled corrupt
uh Babylonian Society here in America
it's really hard uh and Satan it's all
Satan's system because this is Satan's
kingdom the world is Satan's kingdom so
he has designed it where pretty much
everything you do you're you're either
Spirit not I'm not I'm not going to say
everything you're doing but majority of
things that get promoted in Babylon uh
is death you know not even just
spiritual death physical death the food
that we're eating if we're not you know
we're not growing our own food if we're
not growing our own food uh and we're
relying on the grocery store to get our
processed foods you know and things are
unnatural and GMO and all that type of
stuff like literally and that's why you
know in the Bible days uh when Noah Noah
Adam and Eve they all lived up to 700
500 years I think Noah was 900 years old
something like that you know and in
today's society
we're not living that that order you
know now one of the main reasons because
of that too is also sin you know sin
wasn't Heavenly push when Adam and Eve
was you know when it was just Adam and
Eve and a few other people after that
too as well but now we're living in say
has made it where literally it's just
sin like literally you go outside even
in the movie The Matrix where where Mor
Morpheus tells Neo that the Matrix is
all around us even when you look out
your window okay when you leave your
house and that is true and what you're
seeing is all around us is sin it's
corruption you know you know um people
don't understand that the world we're
living in not everybody you see is human
even the Bible tells you that in Hebrews
13:12 that don't be forgetful to
entertain strangers for some have
entertained strangers unaware okay so if
the Bible's letting us know that we are
Entertaining Angels which also one thing
about my journey I can't speak for
everybody else but when I was going
through a heavy spiritual warfare God
has always said angels in human form
okay I didn't know this at the time but
looking back you know he said the angels
in human form to come my way to comfort
me to let me know like you know to give
me hope you know uh but yeah so the
Bible's letting us know that there's
angels in human form that disguise
himself as strangers or you know things
of that nature that lets us know that
there's also demons in human form too
and the demons they literally feed
they're like energy vampires that's one
sign of a demon someone who's an energy
vampire someone who's just harvesting
and feeding off your energy uh one uh
the video that I made about seven signs
someone is a demon one of the first
signs I broke down is that when someone
is causing you to ra to rage to be angry
to be wrathful you know they're
provoking you towards that that is a
demon in someone okay and this is that
video is I'm so glad that video has a
lot of views because a lot of people
need to see that because we're not
battling against flesh and blood okay uh
going back and forth with certain people
once you see the spirit that's behind
them there's really no or even if you
see the spirit behind them even before
you all saw arguing there's literally no
point of going back and forth okay it
even says that you're not supposed to to
cast their pearls in the swine but if
you look at you know um the Comm the
religious community or the Christian
Community the spiritual Community
whatever you want to call it right all
you see is as people arguing and going
back and forth like everyone wants to be
right and no one wants to be wrong no
one wants to Humble himself to learn and
you don't want to be like that okay uh
it's the most important thing you could
do on your walk one thing that I noticed
right the first thing you want to do the
first thing you want to do guys is to
humble yourself okay um even if you're
not arrogant even if you're not a
prideful person even if you're not you
know selfish but you just want to humble
yourself and when you humble yourself
and you know you're humble yourself for
God of course that leads to repentance
you know you now now you can see the
error of your ways and you don't look at
the outside you don't look out the
attacks that's coming you look at your
own faults you look at your own sins
your own burdens uh your own stronghold
you're not looking at what the outside
is is critiquing you or like you know
attacking you with so I feel like that's
the most important thing guys when you
are in a spiritual war yes you want to
be conscious of it be aware of it okay
but also understand that things are
happening behind closed doors when
you're doing the right thing things are
happening for the greater good in your
life and everything that people meant
for evil for you to people cuz there
going to be a lot of people on this on
this path who are going to try to take
you out literally take you out the game
man okay um and best believe what the
evil they do in your life is is always
100% going to be rewarded for good okay
even says this what happened with Joseph
okay you met evil for him but God meant
it for good okay to bring you to the
Past today to save many people alive
okay so always understand that when
you're walking with God literally nobody
could be against you nobody if you have
a clean heart doing the right thing um
now just because no one could be against
you doesn't mean that you know devils
and demons evil spirits won't form up a
pack because the Bible does say that um
you know in Isaiah 54:1 17 that weapons
will form against you okay like I said
guys they're going to try to take you
out the game man people don't want you
to follow God people don't want you to
follow Christ okay but if you're
following de the devil they don't mind
that they have no problem with you doing
that this is how you know that this is a
satanic Society we're living in this is
how you could tell okay where evil is
good and good is evil that's the times
we're living in so yes be uncomfortable
that people are looking at you weird and
crazy because you decided to be
literally the best best thing you could
do in this life guys is to walk the a
back that is the best thing you could do
in this life it's not make a million of
dollars it's not this and that acquire
this and that that's literally the best
thing you can do in your life because we
know that this world is temporary okay
and our Salvation lies above through
Christ and you know so if Christ is
saying to do this and that we got we
ought to do it okay but the world is
telling you no you don't got to do that
you don't got to do that but the Bible
the scriptures you know the word of God
is saying to do the opposite who are you
going to listen to okay A lot of people
are so deceived and see lot what people
don't realize right A lot of people
don't know this Okay the reason why
people are giving over to false teachers
false prophets uh you know agents
whatever you want to call it right the
reason why people are giving over to
those people is because they receive not
the love the truth okay so God sends
them over to the deceivers so they can
get deceived and lied to okay because if
you reject the truth then it means the
only thing you're going to gravitate
towards to is lies feel good messages
tickling ears that's the only thing
you're to gravitate towards to because
You' rejected the harsh truth but see
the truth it heals the truth it changes
okay a lot of people say Come As You Are
which I don't really agree with that
because God requires change in your life
he requires repentance which I told you
you got to humble yourself and then
repent okay so come as you are okay you
come as you are but you don't feel the
need to change you don't feel the need
to humble yourself so that's what the
world teaches you okay this is why it's
so important guys to get into that Bible
to get into your word study to show
yourself approved so you can read it for
yourself and you can know what God wants
for your life because that's how God
speaks to us okay God speaks to us
through his word so if you're not
reading the word of God if you're not
studying to show yourself approved
you're going to be deceived out here by
liars and you know people who who work
for the devil okay Satan's kingdom is
running rampant and they want to take
you out okay so the spiritual warfare
that's happening in our lifetime I just
see it as a great or good and I
understand this too that there's always
a Time For Everything Under the Sun
you're not always going to be under a
war you're not always going to be
attacked okay there's also a Time For
Peace there's also a time for love okay
so you know embrace the season that
you're in and even if you are in a time
period where it's hard it's hectic you
don't know how you're going to do this
and that you want to 100% put your trust
in God 100% I know it's kind of like
kind of like cliche kind of like easy to
say you know but for you to actually do
that uh it's not as easy as it seems you
know a lot of people are walking and
living in fear they're not walking and
living in faith okay um and this is why
it's so important to be believe to read
the Bible because it says that you got
to walk by faith you know and not by
sight so it's easy to quote Bible verses
right it's easy just to read it but to
actually apply it in your life that's
where it gets hard so I encourage you
guys all to apply the word of God into
your life um listen guys if you are
struggling with this and that or
stronghold or sin uh you got to pray it
off you got to really get into some
fasting and prayer cut off people that
you know that's around you who is Dental
to your walk with Christ people who are
uh looking at you weird and crazy all
because you want to do the right thing
okay you want to do the right thing they
want to do the wrong thing okay that's
the world we're in right now the state
of the world you know so continue to do
the right thing continue to do what's
good uh continue to do what's just and
you know like I said God will reward you
and the people who are naysayers the
people who are uh gossiping slandering
you laughing at you scoffing and mocking
because we're going to have many of
those people we're going to have many
scoffers and mockers even people who
call themselves Bible Believers okay so
always understand that with those people
who do those things to you God's going
to make sure when he blesses you that
they're going to see it they're going to
be forced to see it guys 100% so I hope
you guys got blessed with this message
just a quick one um I actually get into
office too so I'm going to be making way
more videos uh next weekend so I'm
really excited for that if you guys made
it this far don't forget to like the
video subscribe to the channel comment
and share below too love you guys so
much I'm out peace
