<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>12 - Flesh or Demons</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x12-flesh-or-demons">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>12</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>Flesh or Demons?</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">F</span><span>rom the beginning, ever since man turned from God in rebellion, he has been subjected to two main spiritual evils: sin and demons.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The effect of sin is universal and total: “All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God” (Romans 3:23). Sin has defiled the human race as a whole and every area of each personality individually.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The personality thus corrupted by sin is called in the New Testament “our old man” (Romans 6:6) or “the flesh” (Galatians 5:24).</span> <span class="italic">The old man</span> <span>describes the rebellious nature each of us has inherited from our first parent, Adam. Adam did not beget any children until he was in a state of rebellion against God. Therefore, in every descendant of Adam there is the nature of a rebel.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The term</span> <span class="italic">the flesh</span> <span>does not refer, in this context, to our physical bodies, but to the corrupt nature that is part of the inheritance each of us received at birth. Two different adjectives are used in English translations to describe this corrupt nature:</span> <span class="italic">fleshly</span> <span>or</span> <span class="italic">carnal.</span> <span>These are merely two different ways of translating the same Greek word.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>For practical purposes, these two expressions &ndash;</span> <span class="italic">the old man</span> <span>and</span> <span class="italic">the flesh</span> <span>&ndash; may be used interchangeably. Each describes our corrupt, fallen, sinful nature.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The niv, however, has moved away from the original language. It replaces both expressions by</span> <span class="italic">our old self</span> <span>and</span> <span class="italic">the sinful nature.</span> <span>It could be said that in this respect the niv is more of an</span> <span class="italic">explanation</span> <span>than a translation.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>With due allowance made, however, for these differences in translation, the truths unfolded in this book apply equally to</span> <span class="italic">the old man, the flesh and the sinful nature.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Although the problem of sin is universal, the problem with demons is not. Many members of our fallen human race have come under the power of demons, but not all. There is a close connection, however, between sin and demons. If mankind had never sinned, we would never have been vulnerable to demons.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>A biochemist once explained to me, “A human body is attacked regularly by cancerous cells. When that body is healthy, its immune system identifies and attacks the cancerous cells, and they are unable to harm the body. But when the body has been weakened by illness or some kind of emotional shock, the immune system is unable to do its job effectively, and some form of cancer can develop somewhere in the body.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Immediately I said to myself,</span> <span class="italic">That’s just how it is with demons!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Demons continually seek to invade a person, but when the person is healthy spiritually, the spiritual “immune system” within the person identifies and attacks the demons, and they are not able to move in and take control. Any kind of unhealthiness or emotional weakness, on the other hand, makes a person vulnerable to demonic attack.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">The Remedy for Each</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In the spiritual realm, as in the physical, correct diagnosis is essential. So it is important to know, in confronting our own problems or those of other people, what we are dealing with. Is it the flesh? Or is it demons? The question is of vital importance because the remedies are quite different.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The remedy for the flesh is crucifixion. By Jesus’ sacrificial death on the cross, He cancelled the claim sin has on our fleshly nature. Paul states this as historical fact: “Our old man was crucified with [Jesus]” (Romans 6:6).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>But each of us must make a personal application of the cross to our fleshly nature. Paul says, therefore, in Galatians 5:24, “And those who are Christ’s have crucified the flesh with its passions and desires.” Once we have made this personal application of the cross, we can echo Paul’s words in Galatians 2:20: “I have been crucified with Christ; it is no longer I who live, but Christ lives in me. . . .” Crucifixion, then, is the remedy for our fleshly nature. It is a remedy each of us needs to apply personally.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The remedy for demons, on the other hand &ndash; as often demonstrated in the ministry of Jesus &ndash; is to cast them out.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>These two remedies are not interchangeable. It is not possible to cast out the flesh, and it is not possible to crucify a demon.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Looking back over my own struggle with depression, described in chapter 4, I realised that was precisely the mistake I was making. I was trying to apply crucifixion &ndash; the remedy for the flesh &ndash; while I was actually dealing with a demon, and the remedy was to expel it. As soon as I understood my problem and applied the right remedy, I was delivered.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I have also confronted the problem in reverse when a person tries to apply to the flesh the remedy appropriate only for demons.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>A man came to me once and said, “Brother Prince, I want you to cast a demon out of me.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“How does the demon affect you?” I asked.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“I just can’t get on with my wife,” he replied. “There’s no harmony between us.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I listened carefully as he described how the disharmony between them affected both their lives. Eventually I said, “I don’t believe you have a demon that needs to be cast out. What you need is to apply the cross to your fleshly nature.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It was obvious, however, that he was not satisfied. He had viewed deliverance from a demon as a “quick fix” that would substitute for the painful task of crucifying his own flesh.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Crucifixion is the distinguishing mark of those who truly belong to Christ. God is not interested in our church membership or denominational labels. He looks to see if our old, fleshly way of life has come to an end at the foot of the cross. Crucifixion is always painful, but it is the gateway to new life.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">The Old Man and the New</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Even after the life-transforming application of the cross in our lives, we still have to maintain personal discipline to keep the “old man” in subjection. In Colossians 3:3 Paul says to believers, “For you died, and your life is hidden with Christ in God.” But in verse 5 he says, “Therefore, put to death your members which are on the earth: fornication, uncleanness, passion, evil desire, and covetousness, which is idolatry.” We each have the continuing responsibility to keep the “old man” dead.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>But even the death of the “old man” is not the final stage in the process. After that occurs, we must “put on the new man which was created according to God, in righteousness and true holiness” (Ephesians 4:24). The sacrifice of Jesus on the cross made possible an exchange. Our “old man” was crucified in Him so that the “new man” might come to life in us.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Just as a completely healthy human body is immune to cancerous cells, so the “new man” in Christ is immune to demonic activity. Most Christians, however, have not yet arrived at this state of complete spiritual health. In my limited personal experience, I have to say I have encountered comparatively few Christians who did not seem vulnerable to demonic activity.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Once again, we may borrow an example from the diagnosis and treatment of cancer. Since most people are not in the state of physical health in which they are immune to cancerous cells, it is necessary for scientists to do research and for doctors to acquire all the information available. This enables them to diagnose the presence of cancer and to prescribe appropriate treatment.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Likewise, there is an urgent need for Christians to learn all we can about the nature and activity of demons. This knowledge is important for all believers, since none of us can claim immunity from the attacks of demons. It is especially important, however, for pastors, evangelists and other Christian workers to whom people look for help. Without this knowledge, as I said in chapter 5, we will often be unable to make a correct diagnosis or to apply the appropriate remedy, and therefore we will not really help people.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Without the probe of discernment, we cannot effectively use the forceps of deliverance. (As I said before, I will offer practical instructions in Part 4 for diagnosing and dealing with demonic activity.)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Now to the third of our seven questions.</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
