<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>16 - Do Christians Ever Need Deliverance From Demons</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x16-do-christians-ever-need-deliverance-from-demons">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>16</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>Do Christians Ever Need Deliverance From Demons?</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">T</span><span>his sixth question is the one I have been asked more than any other. Often it is asked in an incredulous tone of voice, implying that the answer expected is</span> <span class="italic">No!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>At one time an official publication of a major denomination classified Don Basham and me as heretics because we were casting demons out of Christians. “What are we supposed to do?” I asked Don. “Leave the demons in them?” The charge against us was based, of course, on the assumption that Christians could never have demons that would need to be cast out. (Later this charge was apparently forgotten, because churches belonging to that denomination have since invited me to minister deliverance.)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In more than thirty years, I have never heard or read a reasoned, scriptural presentation of the doctrinal position that Christians can never need deliverance from demons. Those who believe this, as I said in chapter 5, seem to consider it so obvious that it needs no support from Scripture. But the implications of such a position can be, to say the least, surprising.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>A Christian young man told me that Brother Jones, a well-known evangelist, had prayed for him and that he had been delivered from a demon of nicotine.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“I thought Brother Jones doesn’t believe a Christian can have a demon,” I replied.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“You’re right,” the young man answered. “But when Brother Jones prayed for me, he didn’t know I was already a Christian.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>That left me pondering.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span class="italic">In that case,</span> <span>I said to myself,</span> <span class="italic">it would seem that unbelievers have an “unfair” advantage over Christians, because they can receive prayer for deliverance from a demon. But once they become Christians, they are no longer eligible!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The term</span> <span class="italic">Christian</span> <span>means different things to different people. So before I proceed, I need to clarify my use of the word. I will base my definition on John 1:11-13:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>[Jesus] came to His own, and His own did not receive Him. But as many as received Him, to them He gave the right [literally, authority] to become children of God, even to those who believe in His name: who were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>By</span> <span class="italic">Christian</span> <span>I mean someone who has repented of his or her sins and, through personal faith, received Jesus as Saviour and Lord. As a result this person has been born of God &ndash; that is, “born again” (see John 3:5-8).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Another way to describe a Christian is someone who has fulfilled the condition for salvation stated by Jesus in Mark 16:15-16:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>And He said to them, “Go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. He who believes and is baptised will be saved; but he who does not believe will be condemned.”</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>Such a person has heard and believed the Gospel, been baptised and is therefore saved. Can a person like this subsequently need deliverance from demons?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This depends partly on how the person was brought to salvation or the new birth. In the ministry of Philip in Samaria, the people received manifest deliverance from demons and later believed and were baptised in water (see Acts 8:5-13). It would be reasonable to assume that most of them needed no further deliverance.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Yet even here there is one noteworthy exception. Simon the sorcerer was among those who believed and were baptised. Later, however, when he offered Peter money for the power to impart the Holy Spirit to people, Peter said to him, “Your money perish with you. . . . You have neither part nor portion in this matter, for your heart is not right in the sight of God” (Acts 8:20-21). It would be rash to assume that Simon no longer needed deliverance from demons, even after he believed and was baptised.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Suppose, however, that Philip had followed a different pattern of evangelism &ndash; one that is common in our day. Suppose he had preached the Gospel to the people of Samaria and then, without dealing with demons, had invited the people to come forward, say a prayer, sign a decision card or receive instruction from a counsellor. What would have been the result? They would have been saved or born again, but they might still have needed deliverance from the demons that were in them before they became Christians.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I want to emphasise that I am not criticising this kind of evangelism. I have practised it myself. I am merely pointing out that it does not necessarily produce the results that followed the ministry of Philip in Samaria. It leaves open the possibility that the people who respond may still have demons that need to be dealt with. This does not mean they are not Christians. It means that some of them may still need deliverance.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="italic">What Happens with the New Birth?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>We need to analyse more precisely, therefore, what happens when a person is born again. What is the minimum that happens? And what is the maximum? When people receive “the right [or more literally, as we saw above, authority] to become children of God,” that authority is effective only in the proportion that it is used. A teacher may have authority, but if he does not use it, his pupils will be unruly and disorderly. If a police force does not use its authority, crime will continue unchecked.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>So it is with the new birth. Its potential, I believe, is unlimited, but its development depends on the use each believer makes of his or her God-given authority. One person may choose the minimum and simply become a respectable church member. Another may reach for the maximum and become an active, dedicated winner of souls &ndash; even a preacher who reaches multitudes or an intercessor who brings many to birth in prayer. The difference lies in the degree to which each uses his or her God-given authority.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One specific form of authority that goes with the new birth is the authority to drive out demons, either from ourselves or from others. When the disciples told Jesus, “Even the demons are subject to us in Your name,” He replied, “Behold, I give you the authority . . . over all the power of the enemy” (Luke 10:17-19). This authority is effective, however, only insofar as we use it. Sometimes demons go out automatically, but usually they have to be driven out.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>There are two different sets of circumstances that may confront a Christian with the need to deal with demons:</span></p>

    <ol class="calibre4">
      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Demons were already in him before he became a Christian</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Demons entered him after he became a Christian</span></li>
    </ol>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">When Demons Are Already in the Person</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Let us consider first the case of a person who already has demons when he or she seeks salvation. I have not been able to find any passage of Scripture suggesting that demons will automatically leave at that time. In fact, the ministry of Philip in Samaria suggests the opposite. If the demons left automatically when the people believed and were baptised, why would Philip have spent time and energy driving them out? He could simply have baptised the new believers, which would have eliminated the demons.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Logically, then, if an evangelist does not follow Philip’s pattern of both preaching the Gospel and casting out demons, many will believe and be baptised without being delivered from demons. This could apply to many contemporary Christians.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>So, without specific reference to demons, let us consider more generally what happens when a person is born again. The Scripture does not suggest that new Christians are automatically exempt from all the consequences of what happened to them before they became believers. Consider a woman who suffers from chronic sinusitis caused by bacteria. She becomes a Christian but the sinusitis continues. The natural explanation would be that the sinusitis is still caused by the same bacteria. No one would dispute that conclusion on doctrinal grounds.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Now let us consider a man who has severe emotional problems caused by demons. The man becomes a Christian but the problems continue. Is there any scriptural reason to question that his emotional problems are still caused by demons? The child of alcoholic parents, for instance, may have been exposed to demons of anger and fear. If he later becomes a believer but continues to be subject to uncontrollable fits of anger or fear, the obvious explanation is that the demons of anger and fear still need to be driven out.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The same applies to those who have exposed themselves to demons through involvement with drugs, alcohol, sexual immorality or the occult. If, when they become Christians, they are still held in bondage by some of the evil forces to which they exposed themselves previously, the explanation is simple: They need to be delivered from the demons that cause the bondages.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>But God be thanked! As Christians we have available the authority of Jesus Himself, and we can deal with all the forms of demonic pressure to which we may have opened ourselves. That authority is not effective, however, until it is exercised in active faith.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The doctrine that Christians are no longer subject to demonic activity can lead to one or the other of two unfortunate results. Either a believer may yield to demonic pressures with some comment like “I can’t help myself; that’s just the way I am.” Or he or she may seek to suppress the pressures within, and in so doing expend much spiritual energy that could have been used for more positive purposes. In either case the practical and scriptural remedy is for such a person to treat demons as demons and to use his or her God-given authority to drive them out.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Having said all that, we must always leave room for God’s sovereignty. My own experience of salvation is a case in point. As I said earlier, I came to the Lord out of a background of Greek philosophy, and had been involved in yoga. During the night that I had a sovereign encounter with Jesus Christ, I was on my back on the floor of my barrackroom for more than an hour. First I sobbed convulsively; then a well of joy sprang up within me and began to flow out in waves of laughter.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Before this experience I could acknowledge Jesus as a great teacher and wonderful example, but not the Son of God. The next morning, however, I knew, without any process of reasoning, that Jesus is the Son of God. Years later, after I had begun to minister deliverance to others, I realised that I had been delivered that night from a demon of yoga, which had kept me from being able to believe in Jesus as the Son of God.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Others have received deliverance from a demon of nicotine or alcohol by praying a simple prayer, without even knowing that demons exist. Again, a child of God-fearing Christian parents may receive salvation at a very young age without ever being exposed to demons.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>We have no scriptural basis, however, for assuming that this freedom comes about automatically. Wherever we encounter demons, the scriptural response is to expel them, exercising the authority Christ has given us.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">When Demons Enter the Person Later</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Now we come to the second question: Can demons enter a person after he or she has become a Christian?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It would be naïve to assume that being born again means we shall never again be subjected to demonic pressure. On the contrary, Satan is more likely to increase his pressures against us when we become Christians, especially if we become a serious threat to his kingdom. This is doubly true of those whose previous way of life kept them in strong bondage to him.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>As we consider relevant passages from the New Testament, we need to remind ourselves that all the epistles were addressed specifically to Christians, not to unbelievers. The promises and warnings alike apply to Christians. It would be illogical to claim the promises for ourselves but apply the warnings to unbelievers. Furthermore, we must remind ourselves that we have no right to claim any promise unless we have fulfilled the specific condition attached to it.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>There are many warnings to Christians to be on their guard against the attacks of Satan. Peter, speaking specifically to Christians, says:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil walks about like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour. Resist him, steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same sufferings are experienced by your brotherhood in the world.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>1 Peter 5:8-9</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are two parts to Peter’s admonition. First, we are to be self-controlled and vigilant. Otherwise we will not detect the presence or activities of demons. Second, we are to resist demonic pressures, taking an active stand against them. If we obey these instructions, we shall be victorious. But if we are not self-controlled and vigilant, we will fail to recognise and resist our enemies. Then they will invade us and seek to destroy us. The most serious mistake we can make is to act as if there is no danger.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Certain passages in the New Testament warn us explicitly against exposing ourselves to demons. One tool Satan uses regularly for this purpose is deception. In 1 Timothy 4:1 Paul’s warning is urgent: “Now the Spirit expressly says that in latter times some will depart from the faith, giving heed to deceiving spirits and doctrines of demons.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Paul speaks here about people who, through yielding to the influence of demons, “depart from the faith.” Obviously they could not depart from the faith unless they had been in the faith. As Christians they had apparently opened themselves up to deceiving demons and consequently turned away from their faith in Christ. Our only safeguard is to be vigilant at all times and to resolutely reject all demonic pressures and deceptions that come against us.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Paul gives a similar urgent warning to the Christians at Corinth &ndash; even though some today teach that Christians should be delivered from all fear of deception. Obviously Paul had not received that teaching! Speaking to Christians who were the fruit of his own ministry, he writes,</span> <span class="italic">“I fear, lest somehow, as the serpent deceived Eve . . . so your minds may be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ”</span> <span>(2 Corinthians 11:3, emphasis added).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In the next verse Paul warns against any false teacher who may come along: “For if he who comes preaches another Jesus whom we have not preached, or if you receive a different spirit which you have not received, or a different gospel which you have not accepted, you may well put up with it!” (verse 4).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are three parts to Paul’s warning. First, the deceiver preaches “another Jesus.” Second, those who accept this deceitful message “receive a different spirit” than the one they received previously. And third, they embrace “a different gospel” from the original.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Through Paul’s ministry these Christians had received the Holy Spirit. Therefore, when he spoke of a “different spirit” that they had not received, he was referring to a spirit that was unholy &ndash; that is, a deceiving demon.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Here is a clear example of how Christians, who have been born again and received the Holy Spirit, can be tempted into receiving a false spirit &ndash; a demon. What would open the door to the demon? Clearly, accepting a message that presents “another Jesus.” This is the root of the problem. Once Christians put their faith in “another Jesus,” they receive a “different spirit” &ndash; that is, a demon &ndash; and begin to believe a “different gospel.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It is logical, therefore, to ask whether there are teachers in the Church today who are preaching “another Jesus.” The answer is an emphatic Yes!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There is a “Jesus,” for instance, popular in some South American countries. He is pictured as a Marxist revolutionary, championing the cause of the poor and prepared to organise an armed revolution against the capitalists.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Another “Jesus” is popular in New Age circles. He is an Eastern guru who blends the Gospel message with the esoteric teachings of Hinduism or Buddhism. But the biblical Jesus, who is both the Creator of all things and the Judge of all men, is never presented.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Then there is a “Jesus” who appeals to those with humanistic leanings. He speaks continually about love and forgiveness but makes no mention of either hell or repentance. He represents Jesus only as Saviour and never as Judge, and has no place for the parable about the nobleman closing with the words “But bring here those enemies of mine, who did not want me to reign over them, and slay them before me” (Luke 19:27).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There is also the “Father Christmas” version of Jesus telling people that all they have to do is believe and they will receive everything they ask for, from the best-paying job to an expensive automobile and a house with a swimming pool. But he, too, like the humanistic “Jesus,” never mentions hell and never calls for repentance or holiness.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Tragically, many contemporary Christians are being lured into accepting a false, unbiblical “Jesus” in one or another of these forms. Through accepting “another Jesus,” they are receiving a “different spirit” &ndash; that is, a demon. This is not a theoretical, doctrinal issue for abstract discussion. It is a matter of eternal life or death concerning which the true ministers of Christ are obligated to warn God’s people.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Christians are vulnerable to this kind of deception, in part because of a wrong doctrinal emphasis in much contemporary preaching. This places disproportionate stress on certain single, one-time experiences, but never teaches people about the changes they must make in their lifestyles, which alone can validate those experiences.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">The Need for Ongoing Obedience</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The new birth is a marvellous experience &ndash; perhaps the most important that can ever happen in a person’s life. But it is only a birth. Its value lies in the new life to which it is the gateway. Christians who go no further in their experience are like children whose parents continually celebrate their birthdays but do not provide them with the nurture and training they need to become responsible adults.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Other Christians place great emphasis on the baptism in the Holy Spirit but make no room for the ongoing work of the Spirit in their lives. Jesus said that receiving the Spirit would cause “rivers of living water” to flow out of a believer’s life (John 7:38-39). Yet some Christians never get more than a “puddle,” or at best a “pond.” There is no continuing flow of the Spirit in their daily lives.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Again, some Christians place little emphasis on the need for a life of continuing obedience and holiness. Yet Jesus challenged the people of His day with this question: “Why do you call Me ‘Lord, Lord,’ and do not do the things which I say?” (Luke 6:46). To call Jesus “Lord” without obeying Him is hypocrisy and provides no protection from the attacks of Satan.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Some Christians claim they are automatically protected from demonic attack by the blood of Jesus. God does indeed offer us total protection through the blood. But here again, this provision depends on our meeting His conditions.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The apostle Peter tells us we are “elect according to the foreknowledge of God the Father . . . for obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ” (1 Peter 1:2). An obedient lifestyle is the condition for being protected by the blood of Jesus. His blood is not sprinkled on those who persist in disobedience. This is exemplified by the record of the first Passover in Egypt, when Moses told the Israelites:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>“And you shall take a bunch of hyssop, dip it in the blood that is in the basin, and strike the lintel and the two doorposts with the blood that is in the basin. And none of you shall go out of the door of his house until morning.”</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>Exodus 12:22</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The Israelites were protected not because they were Israelites, but because they obeyed God’s instructions concerning the blood, and stayed inside their houses. They were on the right side of the blood. If the firstborn had gone out of their houses, they would have suffered the same fate as the Egyptians.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The same applies to us as Christians. Our protection from Satan does not depend solely on our being Christians, but on our obeying God’s directions. The blood, as I said, does not protect those who continue in disobedience.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The apostle John wonderfully affirms the power of the blood of Jesus to deal with sin in our lives: “But if we walk in the light as He is in the light, we have fellowship with one another, and the blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanses us from all sin” (1 John 1:7).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are some important points to notice here. First, the opening word</span> <span class="italic">if</span> <span>indicates that there is a condition to be fulfilled. If the condition is not fulfilled, the promised results no longer apply. The condition is</span> <span class="italic">if we walk in the light.</span> <span>The two results are</span> <span class="italic">we have fellowship with one another</span> <span>and</span> <span class="italic">the blood of Jesus Christ . . . cleanses us from all sin.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Second, all the verbs are in the continuing present tense: “If we continually walk . . . we continually have fellowship . . . the blood continually cleanses us. . . .” John is not speaking about a once-for-all experience that never needs to be repeated. The fact that we fulfilled the conditions yesterday is no guarantee that we are fulfilling them today. Just as with the pattern of the Passover, God requires moment-by-moment obedience if we are to claim the protection of the blood.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>We need to notice, too, that the first result of walking in the light is that we have fellowship with our fellow believers. If we neglect this, we are no longer walking in the light. And if we are out of the light, then the blood of Jesus is no longer cleansing us. The blood does not cleanse us while we walk in the dark.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Strange as it may seem, the demonic pressures Satan directs against us may actually work for our good. They can serve as reminders of our need to walk before God in moment-by-moment obedience. Perhaps this is one reason God permits them.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">A Man Who Loved Jesus</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>God’s mercy in providing the ministry of deliverance is wonderfully illustrated in the following testimony from a worker in a psychiatric hospital in the U.S.:</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>One of the most controversial questions within the charismatic move today appears to be whether a Christian can be possessed of a demon. I had only recently received teaching concerning demons and deliverance when I began working in a large state psychiatric hospital. One of my first patients was an intelligent, thirty-year-old man who had spent over ten years of his life in some of the best treatment facilities in the country.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>The outward manifestation of his illness was the uncontrollable behaviour of dashing his head against walls and sharp objects, often seriously hurting himself. This behaviour occurred irrespective of treatment or of the man’s frame of mind. The problem became so serious that the patient was fitted with a football helmet, strapped to a bed, and the bed bolted to the floor in the centre of his room.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>This young man was a handsome, well-liked person, well-known to the entire hospital staff. The tragedy of his case and what disconcerted me was his love for Jesus Christ. He was a Christian, openly professed Christ, and would weep for joy when we spent time singing, praying and sharing in the Word together. However, for several weeks I was unaware that after I departed from our fellowship, he would go into a rage, calling me profane names and trying desperately to harm himself.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>After these reports I feared for his safety and discontinued the visits, relying on God to answer my prayer for his recovery. Yet the fellow became so despondent without my visits that I felt compelled to return. As I opened my Bible to share with him, the Spirit suddenly moved on me to command the demon to leave. Though the words I spoke were almost inaudible, the reaction was immediate.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Never had I witnessed such a gnashing of teeth, screams of profanity against Christ, and evil facial expressions. Not only that, but in spite of being strapped securely to the bed, his body became rigid and rose more than a foot above the bed, suspended in mid-air. The change in the patient was so sudden and violent that I became afraid. I left the room quickly, hoping this would ease his violent reaction.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Several moments passed before I realised the connection between the words I had spoken commanding the demon to leave and the violent display. The Holy Spirit quickened me to return. This time the demonic manifestation did not dismay me. I commanded the demon to leave in the name of Jesus, reminding it of Mark 16:17. Though it continued to manifest, I returned to my office with Christ’s assurance.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>From that day forward, this man was completely free of that demon and its violent manifestation. Not only that, but he took his Bible and went throughout the hospital to staff and patients, praising God for his “deliverance from the demon.” Subsequent hospital investigations attested to the miraculous deliverance.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Indeed, it was not my prayers, our fellowship or my sharing the Word that brought restoration in the Christian man’s life, but the casting out of a demon according to Mark 16:17.</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
