<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>18 - Characteristic Activities of Demons</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x18-characteristic-activities-of-demons">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>18</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>Characteristic Activities of Demons</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">E</span><span>vil spirits or demons are, according to my understanding, the lower echelon of the “spiritual hosts of wickedness” (Ephesians 6:12) that Satan directs against humanity. (See chapter 11.) They have three main purposes assigned to them by Satan: first, to torment and afflict us; second, to keep us from knowing Christ as Saviour; and failing that, third, to keep us from serving Christ effectively.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In accomplishing these purposes, demons are normally invisible. They cannot be perceived by human eyes. We can, however, recognise their presence and activity in the same way that we recognise the presence of the wind. Actually, this is an appropriate comparison because in both Hebrew and Greek, the word for</span> <span class="italic">spirit</span> <span>is also the word for</span> <span class="italic">wind.</span> <span>We never actually see the wind, but we see the effects the wind produces: dust rising in the streets, clouds sailing across the sky, trees all bending in one direction, rain being driven across our field of vision. All these “signposts” reveal the presence and activity of the wind.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>So it is with demons. We do not normally see them, but we recognise their presence by certain characteristic actions. Listed below are some of the most typical of their activities:</span></p>

    <ol class="calibre4">
      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Demons entice</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Demons harass</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Demons torture</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Demons compel</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Demons enslave</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Demons cause addictions</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Demons defile</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Demons deceive</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Demons attack the physical body</span></li>
    </ol>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>Let us look at each of these.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">1. Demons Entice</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Demons persuade people to do evil. Every one of us has experienced this at some time. Enticement often comes verbally. You pick up a wallet dropped on the street and you see cash inside. Then something whispers to you,</span> <span class="italic">Take it! Nobody will ever know. Other people would do the same. If it were your money, they’d take it.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Anything that has a voice is a person, and that voice belongs to a demon that is enticing you. If you yield, Satan will have begun to break down your defences. You will no longer have a clear conscience. You will know you are guilty. That prepares the way for Satan’s next assault.</span></p>

    <p class="calibre5"><span class="heading2">2. Demons Harass</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Demons study you, follow your movements, observe your weak moments, detect your weak places. Then they engineer situations that will open the way for them to slip in.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Take, for example, a businessman who has had a terrible day at the office. Everything has gone wrong. He tripped on the staircase, his secretary spilled coffee on him, the air conditioning failed, an irate customer came in threatening to sue. Then, on the way home, he spent an hour sitting in his car in a traffic jam. When he finally reaches home, supper is not ready and the children are running around screaming. This is when he loses control and starts to shout at his whole family.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>He is a kind, gentle man, and his wife and children are shocked. They forgive him quickly when he apologises. His outburst could simply have been a loss of self-control. But the demon of anger was watching, and now it waits for a similar opportunity. When the man loses control again, the demon seizes that unguarded moment and slips in.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Soon his wife notices a change in him. His love for his family has not changed, but there are times when something else takes over. His eyes reveal a strange glint. When the demon of anger gains control, he abuses his family, actually hurting those he loves the most. Afterward he is ashamed and remorseful. He says, “I don’t know what made me do it.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This is just one of many examples of how demons will harass a person until they can find a place or moment of weakness through which they can gain entrance.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="italic">3. Demons Torture</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Jesus related the parable of a servant whose master forgave him a debt of several million dollars, but who then refused to forgive a fellow servant a debt of just a few dollars. The parable concludes with a judgement on that unforgiving servant: “And his master was angry, and delivered him to the torturers until he should pay all that was due to him” (Matthew 18:34). In the next verse Jesus applied this parable to all Christians: “So My heavenly Father also will do to you if each of you, from his heart, does not forgive his brother his trespasses.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The torturers, I believe, are demons. I have encountered hundreds of Christians who are in the hands of the torturers for one simple reason: unforgiveness. They have claimed forgiveness from God for the incalculable debt of all their sins, yet they refuse to forgive another person for some offence, real or imagined.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>After Jesus taught His followers the model prayer we have come to call the Lord’s Prayer, He added only one comment:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>“For if you forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you. But if you do not forgive men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.”</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>Matthew 6:14-15</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are various forms of torture to which we may be subjected. There is, for instance, physical torture. One example is arthritis: twisting, torturing, crippling, binding. I am not suggesting that all arthritis has a demonic cause. Yet it is remarkable how often arthritis is actually associated with an inner attitude of resentment, unforgiveness, bitterness. (In chapter 20 I will give a remarkable example of deliverance from arthritis.)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Then there is mental torment. One common form is the fear of going insane. I have been surprised by how many Christians are tortured by this fear. Frequently they are ashamed to confess it to anyone.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Like the enticement to do evil, this demonic attack may also take a verbal form:</span> <span class="italic">Your Aunt Lois just entered a mental institution, and your neighbour had a nervous breakdown. And you’ll be next!</span> <span>Usually this fear is the work of accusing demons that continually bombard the person’s mind.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Another form of spiritual torture is an inner accusation that says,</span> <span class="italic">You’ve committed the unforgivable sin.</span> <span>When a person tells me he is being assailed by this thought, I always answer, “That’s nothing but an accusation of a lying spirit. If you really had committed the unforgivable sin, you would be so hardened that you wouldn’t care. The fact that you are concerned about it proves that you have not committed it.”</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">4. Demons Compel</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>No word is more characteristic of demon activity than the word</span> <span class="italic">compulsive.</span> <span>Behind most compulsions is a demon &ndash; for example, compulsive smoking and compulsive consumption of alcohol or drugs. It is well established that these activities produce a chemical reaction in the brain. This opens up a place of weakness in a very sensitive area through which demons can easily enter.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Compulsive eating can also be demonic. But gluttony is “respectable.” You may not find many alcoholics in the contemporary Church, but you will find many gluttons! Compulsive eating usually starts with the loss of self-control. Then one day gluttony slips in. Christians are often unwilling to acknowledge that they are compulsive eaters. But acknowledging the sin is the essential first step to deliverance.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Once, at the end of a deliverance service, a woman came to me and confessed that she had a demon of gluttony. When she was delivered, she vomited onto the carpet. She was embarrassed, of course, and everyone was concerned about the carpet. Later I asked myself,</span> <span class="italic">Which is more important? To have a clean carpet and a dirty woman? Or a dirty carpet and a clean woman?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are many other forms of compulsion. One is garrulousness &ndash; compulsive talking. There are many warnings against this in Scripture. For instance: “In the multitude of words sin is not lacking. But he who restrains his lips is wise” (Proverbs 10:19). Excessive talking will always end in some form of sin. Again, the apostle James said that if anyone “does not bridle his tongue . . . this one’s religion is useless” (James 1:26). If you have not kept your tongue under control, you may have opened the way for a demon. Two demons that might seize such an opportunity are gossip and criticism. Both are at home in religious circles!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>We all need to stop and check on ourselves:</span> <span class="italic">Are there things I do simply out of compulsion?</span> <span>We may have become so accustomed to our habits that we are hardly aware of them &ndash; yet they may be demonic. After one deliverance service, I received a letter from a woman who said, “For the first time in 25 years, I’ve been a week without biting my nails!”</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">5. Demons Enslave</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Let us take an example from an area that few in church talk about: sex. Suppose you have committed sexual sin. You repent and meet God’s conditions for forgiveness. You know you are not only forgiven but justified &ndash; “just-as-if” you had never sinned (see Romans 8:30). But you still have an intense desire to commit the same sin, even though you hate it. You are sure you have been forgiven, but you are not free. You are enslaved.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One very common example is masturbation. Some psychologists say masturbation is normal and healthy. It is not worthwhile to argue about that. I simply know there are thousands of people, both men and women, who masturbate and then hate themselves for doing it. Each time they say, “Never again!” But it happens again. They are enslaved.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In chapter 5 I spoke of Roger, whom Lydia and I failed to help. Years later, while conducting deliverance services in various parts of the world, I often heard people &ndash; men and women alike &ndash; saying the same kind of things he said: “I can feel it in my fingers. They’re tingling. They’re getting stiff!”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>How grateful I am to the Lord that I have learned the answer! Now I tell people in my teaching, “You can be set free from masturbation. Just be determined. Come against it in the name of Jesus. Shake it out of your fingers until you can feel they’re free.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Over the years I have seen hundreds of people delivered in this way from the tormenting demon of masturbation.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Let me add that marriage does not necessarily resolve the problem of masturbation, as we read in the testimony in chapter 14. If either partner still has a demon of masturbation, the demon will seek to obtain for itself the physical satisfaction that should be enjoyed by the other partner. This is one reason the sexual relationship in some marriages does not provide the physical satisfaction that each partner should expect.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>When we combine</span> <span class="italic">compel</span> <span>and</span> <span class="italic">enslave,</span> <span>we arrive at a particular form of enslavement.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">6. Demons Cause Addictions</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I have discovered that an addiction is often like a branch growing out of another, larger branch. To help people, we may have to go beneath the addiction and discover the larger branch out of which it grows. Two common examples are continuing personal frustration and a deep emotional need that is not being fulfilled.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Let us take, as an example, two married women, one an Episcopalian and the other from the Church of God. Each is aware that her husband runs after other women, spends money on himself that she needs for housekeeping, and shows little interest in his family. Each is reaching out desperately for some source of comfort.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The Episcopalian walks across her living room to the cocktail cabinet and becomes an alcoholic. The woman from the Church of God, who would never go near an alcoholic beverage, goes to the refrigerator and eats everything in sight. She becomes a foodaholic &ndash; a glutton.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In either case, deliverance from the addiction, whether alcohol or food, will probably not be complete unless the branch that supports the addiction &ndash; each woman’s frustration with her husband &ndash; is dealt with. The best solution would be for the husband to repent and change. But even if he does not, the wife cannot expect to be set free unless she forgives him and lays down all her bitterness or resentment against him.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In the U.S. today more than fifty percent of all households are singles. As a result, the deep emotional need for loving companionship may be left unsatisfied. If a person feels betrayed and cut off by a parent, spouse or friend, he or she may turn instead to a dog or cat or some other pet. (Animals are often more loyal than humans &ndash; and also less demanding!) This longing for companionship may result in a strange kind of addiction.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Some years ago Ruth knew a Christian woman in Jerusalem named Joanna who had no living relatives but kept seventeen dogs in her house. She could not see a stray dog without taking it home. Wherever Joanna went, her dogs went, too. Some of them slept in bed with her. She was, in fact, “addicted” to her dogs.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>When Joanna was suddenly taken ill and hospitalised, her dogs went crazy. They rushed continually to and fro, barking loudly. Eventually an exasperated neighbour threw some poisoned food to the dogs and they all died. Soon afterward Joanna died, too. She had nothing left to live for.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In other cases we may not become addicted ourselves, but we may be the cause of addiction in another. Busy parents may discover to their dismay that a teenage child has become addicted to one of the many drugs that are so easily available. Too late they discover that their son or daughter has turned to drugs as a substitute for the love and companionship they were too busy to provide.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Almost anything that is both compulsive and enslaving is an addiction, and there is no limit to the forms that addictions may take. In 1 Corinthians 6:12 Paul said, “All things are lawful for me, but all things are not helpful. All things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This provides us with a scriptural definition of addiction:</span> <span class="italic">A person is addicted when he or she has been brought under the power of anything that is not helpful.</span> <span>I believe that addictions, so defined, are almost always demonic.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In attempting to solve their problems, people sometimes trade one addiction for another. It often happens, for instance, that a person gives up smoking and immediately puts on excessive weight. He or she has traded nicotine for gluttony.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Pornography is a tragic example of an addiction. The man enslaved by pornography finds himself compelled to tune in to those TV channels that satisfy the demon within. He cannot walk past a magazine or video display in a store; it draws him like a magnet. One pastor said to me, “When I travel, the demon wakes me up at two a.m. when the X-rated movies come on. I have to turn it on. I cannot control myself.” His whole body convulsed when the demon came out. But some years later he told me he was completely free.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Television is a largely unrecognised addiction. Some people cannot walk into a room without switching on the TV. It is not a reasoned action. These people may have no idea what they want to watch. They reach for the television set without thinking, just as an alcoholic reaches for a drink. In the long run, the social results of television addiction may be even more disastrous than those of alcoholism.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>More recently the World Wide Web is spawning addictions. People have been classified as “addicts” because of social withdrawal and loss of control. Psychologists have discovered that addicts include such varied groups as housewives, construction workers and secretaries. Side effects range from plummeting job performance to broken marriages.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Some forms of addiction have no recognised name. Lydia and I dealt with a young woman once who was a member of a Pentecostal church. She had a compulsive desire to sniff nail polish. “When I walk into the cosmetics department of a store,” she told us, “I’ve got two options. I can either buy nail polish or I can run out of the store. But I’ve got to do one or the other.” When she was delivered, the demon threw her down and came out screaming, just as it did from the man in Mark 1:26.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Another, more familiar addiction is sniffing model glue or a similar product. This is amazingly common among young people, and often not recognised by parents.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Some addictions are more powerful or dangerous than others, but none is beneficial. Two socially acceptable beverages that can become addictive are coffee and soft drinks, especially caffeinated drinks like colas. According to statistics, the average American consumes 50 gallons of soft drinks in a year. Sometimes a person who stops drinking coffee or cola goes through withdrawal symptoms similar to those of a person going off hard drugs.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>A decisive factor in the marketing of a commodity is the fact that it can become addictive. Once a person has become addicted, the producer is guaranteed a customer for life. Some tobacco companies in the U.S. acknowledged recently that they deliberately altered the nicotine content of their cigarettes in order to ensure addiction.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">7. Demons Defile</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>That demons defile is not surprising since the Bible calls them “unclean spirits.” One main area that demons defile is our mental lives &ndash; our thoughts and imaginations. This can take the form of impure, lustful images or fantasies that project themselves unbidden into our minds. This may happen especially when we are trying to focus on the things of God, either in worship or in Bible reading. Any strong, lustful impulse that rises up in our minds at such moments is almost certainly demonic. Demons oppose our communion with God.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Another area of personality regularly defiled by demons is that of speech. Many men (and women, and even some children) cannot speak three sentences without using obscene or blasphemous language. For five and a half years in the British Army during World War II, I was surrounded by such men. In fact, until the Lord saved me, I was one of them.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>That was another element in the powerful, supernatural deliverance I received when I was saved. One day I could not speak without blaspheming and cursing. The next day that language no longer came out of my mouth. This was not the result of an effort of my will. It was just gone! Only later did I realise that God had released me supernaturally from defiling demons. The demons of blasphemy and unclean speech had to go, in the same way that the demon of yoga had gone.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">8. Demons Deceive</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I believe demons are behind almost every form of spiritual deception. In 1 Timothy 4:1 Paul says, “Now the Spirit expressly says that in latter times some will depart from the faith, giving heed to deceiving spirits and doctrines of demons.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>As I pointed out in chapter 16, people cannot depart from the faith who have never been in it. These are Christians who have been enticed out of sound, biblical faith into some form of doctrinal error. Spiritual deception, I believe, is the greatest single danger that threatens Christians in these latter times. And behind each form of deception is a corresponding demon. Any doctrine that detracts from the holiness of God, or that attacks the person, nature and work of Christ, or that undermines the authority of Scripture, is demonic. (We looked in chapter 16 at the deception of preaching “another Jesus.”)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Already in the first century Jude found it necessary to exhort the Christians of his day “to contend earnestly for the faith which was once for all delivered to the saints” (Jude 3). The need for such earnest contention has increased exponentially since the time of Jude.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Demonic deception, however, goes beyond distortions or aberrations of the Christian faith. It includes all religions, cults or philosophies that set aside any of the great central truths of the Bible, especially anything that concerns Jesus Christ. We need to remember that demons are always trying to conceal or distort who Jesus is.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Another way demonic deception manifests itself is by causing Christians to mimic the behaviour of animals. I call such demons “animal spirits.”</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>In chapter 9 I described how various animal spirits manifested themselves in our meetings in Zambia. Such manifestations occur in churches in more “civilised” nations, too, and are attributed to the Holy Spirit. By way of illustration, let me quote briefly from a letter I received in June 1996 from a friend who pastors a predominantly white Pentecostal church in South Africa. Describing a movement that had developed in his area, he wrote:</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Within a short space of time, a brother emerged out of this movement who, together with his church, led the whole thing into bizarre, unclean behaviour. . . . So, it was not therefore uncommon to hear brethren bark, crawl on the floor like animals and make other related animal noises, all under the power of an uncontrollable force. These phenomena were all attributed to the work of the Holy Spirit.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>For instance, in one church men were crawling around on all fours on the ground (like dogs) and lifting their legs against chairs as if in a urinating position. . . In our church a lady arrived one night and began to cackle like a hen at the back of the church. This went on for some time until, in a total frenzy, she jumped up and began to lift her blouse and expose herself. Needless to say, as you can imagine, I have never seen leaders scramble so fast in order to remove the lady from the church.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>This account vividly illustrates the power of demonic deception. All the Christians involved in this movement came from churches claiming to believe the Bible. The tragedy is that behaviour of this kind was attributed to the Holy Spirit, who is “the Spirit of holiness” (Romans 1:4). I deal with the question of a counterfeit Holy Spirit in my book</span> <span class="italic">Protection from Deception.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">9. Demons Attack the Physical Body</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In chapter 20 I will trace the connection between demons and physical sickness. Here I will simply mention some other ways demons may affect us physically.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There is, for instance, a demon of tiredness. Some years ago I was involved in a lengthy deliverance session with a woman who, after a while, began to say, “I can’t go on with any more of this. I’m too tired. I can’t take any more!”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I began to feel sorry for her. Then I wondered if it was a demon speaking, not the woman. I challenged it and the demon replied, “That’s right. She’s always tired. She’s tired when she gets up. She’s tired when she goes to bed. She’s too tired to pray, too tired to read her Bible.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It seemed that this particular demon was acting as a cover for other demons. If it could persuade me to stop, the others would not have to face the authority of the name of Jesus and be expelled. Once I discerned the ruse and drove out the demon of tiredness, then the other demons also came out, one by one.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Another physical effect that demons can produce is unnatural sleepiness. Isaiah speaks about “the spirit of deep sleep” (Isaiah 29:10). Sometimes, when a Christian wants to pray or read his Bible at ten p.m., he is fast asleep by 10:15. Yet the same person can stay up watching TV until the early hours of the morning. Many Christians have testified to being affected by a supernatural force that opposes them when they seek to read the Bible or pray.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Unnatural sleep can also be a means of escaping unpleasant life situations. I knew a woman who sometimes slept as much as sixteen hours at a stretch when she was under pressure at home. When the demon was expelled, it protested, “You can’t cast me out. I’m her salvation!” There was perverted logic in the demon’s words. Sleep was this woman’s way of escaping life’s unpleasant realities. It was a false salvation!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>If we go beyond specific symptoms of demonic activity, such as those listed in this chapter, we can discern one general characteristic of most people who are demonized: restlessness. A person who can maintain an attitude of serene composure in all the troubled circumstances of life is probably demon-free. But there are not many such people!</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">Delivered from a Spirit of Death</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>The testimony that follows is from an American businessman delivered from a spirit of death:</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>About three years ago, unbeknownst to me, I entertained the spirit of death. It came to me in the guise of a spiritual happening &ndash; i.e., directions from God. Essentially it was impressed on me that I would die before I became sixty, or in about three years, and that I needed to get my life in shape. I had seen a vision of a body in a casket &ndash; unrecognisable at first, but gradual recognition came that it was me. The impression became clearer, and I was convinced God was showing me that I would die within three years. So I started doing those things one needs to do to get ready, such as a two-day meeting with my eldest son to give him the “good news”; letters of preparation to others in the family; updating the will.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I commenced to “live to die,” which affects every area of your life. In recent years I have become very familiar with death. Since I became a believer in 1964, I lost my grandparents (old); my wife (age 33) and a son (7) in a tornado; father (68); brother (41); nephew (41); nephew (10) in an automobile accident; six-week-old granddaughter in a premature birth, caused by an accident; and currently I have a granddaughter with cystic fibrosis. Previously my mother died at age 41. In addition my father-in-law died, and my business partner and close friend was killed in 1988 after falling from a ladder. I became so accustomed to dealing with death and its results that I thought God had given me the gifts necessary to be a witness for Him at that critical time.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Starting in early 1987, I withdrew from involvement in much of the spiritual activity around me. I became negative about my business. My health started deteriorating. I had previously had open heart surgery in 1981 and came through with flying colours. But in 1987 the coronary vessels began to close, one after another, so that I had my first angioplasty surgery (the balloon procedure) in November 1987 &ndash; my seventh angioplasty procedure in October 1989. On October 18, 1989, I had open heart surgery for the second time. Three of the same vessels involved in the 1981 operation were replaced, along with a new vessel.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Back in the summer, we had signed up for your conference that began on November 19, 1989. Derek, as you began to speak of the spirit of death, spiritual revelation came on me like a slap across the face. As soon as you said spirit of death, I knew immediately whom I had entertained &ndash; who had deceived and was deceiving me. I got delivered with severe coughing (quite painful, I might add, due to the recent open heart surgery). I chose to live, not die. I was delivered from the spirit of death &ndash; no ifs, ands or buts, right then and there.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>In addition, as you began to speak on curses, I became convinced that my familiarity with death was no accident but due to a curse that was being handed down to my children and their children. I met the qualifications and decided to do what it took to break the curse.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Deliverance and breaking the curse over my life were like being resurrected. I was living to die &ndash; but now I am living to “live, and declare the works of the Lord” (Psalm 118:17).</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
