<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>19 - Areas of Personality Affected by Demons</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x19-areas-of-personality-affected-by-demons">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>19</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>Areas of Personality Affected by Demons</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">W</span><span>hoever has no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down, without walls” (Proverbs 25:28). Solomon is comparing the human personality to a city, the walls of which have all crumbled. A person such as Solomon describes has no inner defences.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The personality of a drug addict, for example, has been so broken down that demons of all kinds can come and go freely. There are no defences left that can keep them out. Such a person needs more than a one-time experience of deliverance. He needs to undergo a process of rehabilitation while his spiritual walls are being rebuilt. This may take months or years.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The analogy of a city may also apply to people not enslaved by drugs. Inside every one of us is something analogous to a major city, with all its different localities and residents. I lived for a while in Chicago, for example, which has many major areas &ndash; department stores and fashionable shops; bus and train terminals; banking and commercial institutions. One street was frequented largely by prostitutes and homosexuals. There were also ethnic neighbourhoods whose residents were mainly Polish, Swedish or Jewish. There were also expensive residential areas and slum areas.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>Using a city as a pattern, I will briefly outline some of the main areas of human personality, indicating the kinds of demons that take up residence in each area. This, I believe, will help you in your own further study, meditation and prayer.</span></p>

    <ol class="calibre4">
      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Emotions and attitudes</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>The mind</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>The tongue</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Sex</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Physical appetites</span></li>
    </ol>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>Then I will devote much of chapter 20 to the ways demons assault the physical body.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">1. Emotions and Attitudes</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This area of the human personality is assailed by numerous demons, some of which I will mention below. I have come to the conclusion that every negative emotion or attitude opens the way for the corresponding demon. A person who has an outburst of anger or sudden fright is, as I said before, not necessarily under the influence of a demon of anger or fear. But if these emotions become obsessive or habitual, then quite probably there is a demon at work.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Demons tend to operate in gangs. Typically one particular demon is a “door-opener” &ndash; that is, it holds the door open for a succession of other demons to follow. One of the most common door-openers is rejection &ndash; a sense of being unwanted, unloved, unimportant.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Every human being is born with a deep, innate longing for love and acceptance. When this is absent, the heart suffers an inner wound. I discussed some possible causes in chapter 13. It may be that the mother did not want the baby she was carrying in her womb. Or the parents did not love their child, or perhaps they did not know how to demonstrate their love. Undemonstrated love does not meet a child’s emotional need. Or the sense of rejection may be caused by the break-up of a close relationship &ndash; perhaps a divorce. Whatever the cause, a demon of rejection has gained entrance.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are two different reactions to rejection. One is passive. A person yields to this condition and goes through life with it, but becomes more and more unhappy and withdrawn. The other reaction is aggressive. In this case a person fights back, adopting a don’t-care attitude and developing a shell of outer hardness.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>If a person’s reaction to rejection is passive, the “gang” that presses in through this open door includes some or all of the following: self-pity, loneliness, misery, depression, despair and finally suicide. Virtually every suicide, I believe, is motivated by a demon. It is obvious that a demon of suicide does not enter because a person has already killed himself. It comes to drive a person to suicide.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This is usually also true of a demon of murder. It does not come in because a person has already committed murder. Rather, it enters to drive a person to commit murder. Remember that the Bible defines murder primarily as an inner attitude: “Whoever hates his brother is a murderer” (1 John 3:15).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>A woman who has had an abortion almost certainly has a demon of murder, even if she did not realise she was taking human life. She probably cannot be set free until she confesses her sin and repents. This is often also true of those who enabled her to abort her child.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>On the other hand, if a person’s reaction to rejection is aggressive, it opens the door to a gang that includes anger, hatred, rebellion, witchcraft, violence and finally murder. I have already referred to 1 Samuel 15:23: “Rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft [or divination].” When people open up to rebellion, witchcraft is likely to follow. This is well illustrated by the many young Americans in the 1960s who went into rebellion and, almost without exception, ended in the occult. I thank God that I personally came to know hundreds of these who were gloriously saved and delivered.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>For some time I worked with a young man whose life vividly illustrated the result of an aggressive response to rejection. When he was about fifteen, his mother said something that gave him the impression she did not care about him. He went to his room, threw himself on his bed and sobbed convulsively for about half an hour. Then he went to his mother, looked her in the face and said, “I hate you!” After that he began to take drugs, and many demons entered him. He became a leader of a notorious gang in a major U.S. city.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Thank God, that was not the end of the story. When he encountered Jesus, he was wonderfully delivered and transformed. He became a minister and helped many others to be delivered from drugs and demons.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">2. The Mind</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This is probably the main battlefield of the human personality. Some of the characteristic demons are doubt, unbelief, confusion, forgetfulness, indecision, compromise, humanism and insanity. Usually the people who rely most on their mental abilities are those most open to this kind of demonic attack.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I recall a mild, well-mannered minister of an old-line denomination who came to me for counselling. After we talked I said, “I believe your problem is compromise.” He replied, “Yes, that’s always been my problem.” I said, “It could be a demon.” When we prayed for deliverance, the demon proved to be surprisingly powerful. It actually threw him from one side of my study to the other before it finally came out.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Then there was the Ph.D. candidate from one of the Ivy League universities who came to a conference where I was teaching. Christopher had heard something about my ministry of deliverance, but vowed before the conference that he would leave just the same as he had come. He attended my meetings and observed all that was going on. But true to his vow, he left the same as he came.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>While he was in the plane returning to school, however, he experienced such intense pain in his head that he actually thought he was going to die. In his agony he began to pray, and the Lord showed him that it was a demon of doubt. Furthermore, he realised when that demon had entered him. A fellow student, taunting Christopher for being a Christian, had said to him, “Do you really believe Christ fed five thousand people with five loaves and two fishes?” Christopher had replied, “Well, whether Christ really did that or not is not important. It doesn’t affect my faith in Him.” That, he realised, had opened the door to the demon of doubt.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In his agony, Christopher cried out to the Lord for deliverance. Then he felt the demon go out through his left ear. Turning to the woman sitting next to him, a total stranger, he said, “I believe Jesus Christ fed five thousand people with five loaves and two fishes!”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Christopher had stumbled onto a vital spiritual principle:</span> <span class="italic">If we have opened the door to a demon by saying the wrong thing, we need to cancel the wrong thing by saying the right thing.</span> <span>Peter denied the Lord three times, but after the resurrection Jesus led Peter to unsay his denial by affirming to the Lord three times that he loved Him (see John 21:15-17).</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">3. The Tongue</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>A demon that operates in the area of either the mind or the tongue is a lying spirit. It may speak either to a person’s mind or through a person’s tongue.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>As an example of the first, I recall a woman who came to me once for help, complaining, “I’ve been seeking salvation for six months, but I just can’t get saved!” I asked her to tell me which churches she had been attending. When she cited them, I recognised that they all preached a sound, scriptural message of salvation.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Without saying anything to the woman, but under my breath, and in the name of Jesus, I bound the lying spirit that was speaking to her mind, telling her God did not love her and that she could not be saved. Then I led her in a simple prayer for salvation. She came through immediately to an assurance of salvation, which she has never, to my knowledge, lost.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The authority to “bind or loose,” which I exercised in this case, is an important tool in dealing with demons. In Matthew 12:29, speaking about driving demons out of a person, Jesus said, “Or else how can one enter a strong man’s house and plunder his goods, unless he first binds the strong man? And then he will plunder his house.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>If there is a “gang” of demons, the “strong man” is usually the leader, who controls and dominates the rest. In the process of deliverance it will generally be the first to manifest itself.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Further on, in Matthew 18:18, Jesus gave His disciples the authority to “bind” or to “loose” spiritual forces: “Assuredly, I say to you, whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The authority to bind or loose can be very effective in dealing with demons, but its exercise must be safeguarded by the application of important scriptural principles. (In chapter 25 I outline these principles.)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The lying spirit in the woman I was dealing with was speaking to her mind. On the other hand, a lying spirit may also speak</span> <span class="italic">through</span> <span>a person’s tongue. For instance, there are people who are compulsive liars. They are not aware of the lying demon within them, and often they do not even know when they are lying.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Ronald, a Christian businessman, used to visit Lydia and me in our home. As he sat in our living room, his talk would become more and more interesting and more and more improbable. After a while my head would begin to swim.</span> <span class="italic1">Does he believe what he is saying?</span> <span>I would ask myself.</span> <span class="italic">Do I believe it?</span> <span>Yet he was completely sincere, not in the least conscious that he was lying.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Later I discovered how that lying spirit came in. Ronald was the adopted son of wealthy parents who had no other children. They had great expectations for him. If Ronald came home from school with poor grades, his parents displayed their disappointment. So he began to lie about his grades. Eventually he became so used to lying that he did not even know when the lying spirit came in and took over. I later lost contact with Ronald and have no assurance that he was ever delivered.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Compulsive liars are people controlled by lying demons. They deceive others and are themselves deceived. They may even pass a lie detector test.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Other demons in the area of the tongue are exaggeration, gossip, criticism and slander. Exaggeration is a demon that particularly targets evangelists &ndash; hence the phrase “evangelastically speaking.” Gossip and criticism are two demons that feel quite at home in church.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">4. Sex</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Some Christians view sex as inherently impure. They are ashamed even to think about it, much less talk about it frankly. Yet this is not a scriptural attitude. God created Adam and Eve sexual beings, then declared that everything He had created was very good &ndash; obviously including sex (see Genesis 1:31).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The sexual urge in human beings is so strong, however, that it is a prime target for Satan. He knows that if he can gain control in this area, he has a powerful tool to influence every other area of behaviour.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I have found that virtually every form of compulsive sexual aberration is the outcome of demonic pressure. This would include masturbation, pornography, fornication, adultery, homosexuality, lesbianism, effeminacy and all sorts of perversions concerning which Paul says, “It is shameful even to speak of those things which are done . . . in secret” (Ephesians 5:12).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are various ways such demons can gain entrance. I recall a married woman, a Sunday school teacher in a mainline denomination, who confessed to Lydia and me that she had twice been involved in adultery. Yet she was desperately ashamed and apparently contrite. Seeking to discover the source of her compulsion, we learned that her father had been involved in an adulterous relationship at the time she was conceived. It seemed that the demon of adultery from her father had entered her at that moment. When Lydia and I prayed for her on that basis, she received a powerful deliverance.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“Do I need to confess what I’ve done to my husband?” she asked, adding, “He’s a Green Beret<a class="calibre2" href="#x4-anchor">4</a> and always carries a gun.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“That’s a decision you must make,” I replied. “We cannot make it for you. But I believe God will not fully bless your marriage unless there is complete honesty between you and your husband.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Later she did confess to him and he forgave her. As a result, she told us that their marriage relationship was better than it had ever been.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The moment of conception is a very decisive moment. (The Chinese calculate a person’s age from this moment.) Children conceived outside of marriage are often born with a spirit of fornication. This pressures them, as they grow up, to commit the same sin.</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">5. Physical Appetites</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This is another area open to demons. The two most basic are eating and drinking, which some Christians see as purely natural, with no spiritual significance. Yet the New Testament depicts these activities as important elements of our Christian lifestyle.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The new believers added to the Church following the day of Pentecost, for example, “ate their food with gladness and simplicity of heart, praising God and having favour with all the people” (Acts 2:46-47). There was something about the way these Christians ate and drank that impressed their unconverted neighbours. Would that be true of contemporary Christians?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Again in 1 Corinthians 10:31 Paul says, “Therefore, whether you eat or drink, or whatever you do, do all to the glory of God.” This raises a very practical question: Is it possible to</span> <span class="italic">overeat</span> <span>to the glory of God?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This issue confronts Christians of the Western world in particular, where overeating has become a lifestyle. How many would even consider that they might be enslaved by a demon of gluttony? Yet surely this explains why multitudes switch from diet to diet, never achieving their goal of stable, moderate weight. They are as much in bondage to food, as I said in chapter 18, as others are to alcohol or nicotine. Furthermore, the spiritual and physical consequences of overeating may be no less harmful than those associated with nicotine or alcohol.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Solomon offers a prayer that would be suitable for Christians in bondage to such appetites:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>Catch us the foxes,<br class="calibre1" />
    The little foxes [the little demons] that spoil the vines,<br class="calibre1" />
    For our vines have tender grapes.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>Song of Solomon 2:15</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Unimportant though they may seem, these little, fox-like demons may spoil the tender fruits of the Spirit that God looks for in our lives. One form of spiritual fruit that inevitably suffers from the little foxes is the fruit of self-control. It cannot coexist with self-indulgence. We need to remember the warning of Jesus in John 10:10: “The thief does not come except to steal, and to kill, and to destroy.” Demons may come through various appetites or lusts, including alcohol, nicotine or food. But regardless of the door through which they enter, all have the same motivation: to do all the harm they can.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Often the unrecognised barrier to receiving deliverance is</span> <span class="italic">pride.</span> <span>It can be difficult for churchgoing Christians to call their problem by its right name and to acknowledge that they need to be delivered from a demon. The woman whose demon of gluttony came out through vomiting was embarrassed. But surely that temporary embarrassment was a small price to pay for deliverance from such a humiliating and destructive bondage.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In addition to these lusts of the flesh, there is also “the lust of the eyes” (see 1 John 2:16). Specific demons enter through the eye gate. One demon already mentioned, which is projected regularly through the media, is pornography. This word is derived from</span> <span class="italic">porne</span> <span>&ndash; the Greek word for</span> <span class="italic">prostitute.</span> <span>Some men commit fornication through their eyes.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Jesus Himself said that this is one way a man can commit adultery: “But I say to you that whoever looks at a woman to lust for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart” (Matthew 5:28). I have been shocked to discover how powerful the influence of pornography is within the professing Church.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are many other forms of lust, however, that open the door to demons in both men and women. In Titus 3:3 Paul includes himself among those who at one time were “foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving [enslaved by] various lusts and pleasures. . . .” How wonderful is the grace of God that has provided a way of deliverance from these demonic snares!</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>In the dramatic account that follows, a pastor in Florida describes his experience in dealing with a young homosexual:</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>“Pastor,” the young man in my office wept, “somebody’s got to help me! I can’t go on any longer.” He bent forward in the large platform chair. “Two years ago I was born again. I really love the Lord, but I still have a powerful lust for other men.”</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>We waited until he regained his composure.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>“Before I was saved, I was a homosexual. Since then I haven’t committed that sin &ndash; but the desire is still in me, and I’m afraid I can’t keep it under control much longer. I went to my pastor for deliverance, but he says it’s impossible for a Christian to have a demon of homosexuality, and that I’ll just have to exercise discipline.”</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>He looked at me with distress gripping his face. “But discipline isn’t the answer! I know there’s a perverse spirit in my body. It is there! Deliverance is the only hope I have. Can you help me?” He began weeping again.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I waited until he had regained his composure. Then I explained, “I wish it were true that Christians were immune to demonic invasion. Unfortunately, our corruptible has not yet ‘put on incorruption,’ and our mortal has not yet ‘put on immortality,’ as it says in 1 Corinthians 15:54. Until that happens, our minds and bodies will still be vulnerable to the enemy. A demon can go anywhere that sin and disease can go. If a Christian can have either of these, he’s also subject to having a demon.”</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>He listened intently.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>“Receiving ministry today obligates you to a series of follow-up appointments in the future. This is not a one-time session. Jesus warned that when the unclean spirit leaves a person, it goes through dry places seeking rest and finds none. Ultimately it will return to the same person and try to gain re-entry. If it succeeds, that person’s final condition will be worse than before. You absolutely must guard against that happening. To prevent it, you have to maintain a life of devotion to God, fellowship with other Spirit-filled believers, and sincerely read your Bible. Doing that will strengthen your relationship with the Lord.”</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>He agreed.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>“I want you to lean back in the chair and listen carefully to what I say,” I went on. “If you comply with God’s terms, you will be set free. The Scripture promises that whoever calls on the name of the Lord will be delivered. That promise cannot fail. God will fulfil His covenant word to you. Just be certain you’re in perfect submission to Him.”</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Then I led the young man in a proclamation renouncing every occult, unclean activity in which he had ever been involved. Then he verbally forgave everyone who had ever harmed him, including the men who had abused him sexually in childhood.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>“Forgiving them does not mean you agree with what they did,” I explained. “It simply means that through forgiveness you cut the ropes that keep you tied to the injury they brought into your life.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>“It’s important that you understand I will be speaking directly to the spirit,” I continued, “and not to you. You must listen carefully, but stay out of the way. Don’t allow the demon’s threats to intimidate you, and don’t protect it.”</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>He leaned back, eyes closed, as we began.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>In a quiet but authoritative voice, I started quoting Scriptures to the spirit. I chose verses reminding it of Satan’s failure and Jesus’ victory. For example: “Inasmuch then as the children have partaken of flesh and blood, [Jesus] Himself likewise shared in the same, that through death He might destroy him who had the power of death, that is, the devil, and release those who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage” (Hebrews 2:14-15).</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I reminded the spirit that it was as powerless to hinder the success of this ministry as it had been to stop the resurrection of the Lord Jesus.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>“And these signs will follow those who believe,” I told the demon, quoting Mark 16:17, “for Jesus said, ‘In My name they will cast out demons.’” And again, “‘I give you the authority to trample on serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing shall by any means hurt you’” (Luke 10:19).</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>For about twenty minutes I continued quoting Scripture.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>“The weapons of our warfare are not carnal,” I went on, quoting 2 Corinthians 10:4-5, “but mighty in God for pulling down strongholds, casting down arguments and every high thing that exalts itself against the knowledge of God. . . .”</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Several times the young man smiled at me with a seductive, sexy grin. Recognising that this was merely a manifestation of the spirit, I continued. Suddenly, when I quoted Romans 16:20, “The God of peace will crush Satan under your feet shortly,” something amazing happened. The young man twisted sideways in the chair, grabbed the arm with both hands and went into a violent, epileptic-like seizure. His body lurched forward in a furious, hammering fashion, vibrating sideways at the same time. I held him around the waist, giving him as much support as I could. It was ugly. Yes, demons are ugly.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>The sound coming out of him was equally astonishing. A bellowing noise, like that of a wounded bull, roared from his body. The events of Philip’s preaching in Samaria immediately came to mind: “Unclean spirits, crying with a loud voice, came out of many who were possessed” (Acts 8:7); and Jesus’ delivering the afflicted child when “the spirit cried out, convulsed him greatly, and came out of him” (Mark 9:26).</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>The seizure lasted several minutes as I continued to rebuke the spirit, commanding it to be quiet and to go. Then, as suddenly as the seizure had begun, the young man collapsed back in the chair, physically and emotionally spent. The room became quiet. The spirit was gone.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>Slowly, reverently, as in worship, the youth raised both arms over his head, weeping and laughing, “It’s gone! It’s gone! I felt it go. Praise God, I’m free! It’s gone!”</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>A moment later he rose from the chair, spending the next half hour walking through the offices, singing, laughing, shouting. “Thank You, Jesus! It’s gone! It’s gone! Thank You, Jesus!”</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>In that brief period of time, the tormented lifestyle of homosexuality ended. Only its memory would remain.</span></p>

    <p class="quote"><span>I had particular reason to rejoice with this young man. For nearly thirty years of traditional ministry, I had been unable to help people with such crushing problems. I had stood by helplessly and watched as church members were torn apart by situations that deliverance ministry could easily have solved. Some of them even died. That failure, common to most of us pastors, radically changed when I received the baptism of the Holy Spirit and learned about deliverance ministry. Thankfully this young man did not become another of my casualties. The truth had set him free.</span></p><a class="calibre3" id="x4-anchor"></a>

    <p class="footnote"><span>4. An elite American military commando force.</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
