<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>26 - After Deliverance</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x26-after-deliverance">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>26</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>After Deliverance…?</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">T</span><span>he experience of deliverance in an individual’s life is a wonderful demonstration of the grace and power of God. Sometimes I compare it to the liberation of the people of Israel from their slavery in Egypt.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>But the deliverance of Israel from Pharaoh was only the first step in a divine process. God brought Israel</span> <span class="italic">out</span> <span>of Egypt that He might bring them</span> <span class="italic">into</span> <span>their promised inheritance. So it is with deliverance. It is the first, vital step, but certainly not the ultimate purpose.</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-after"><span>There are two important steps that must follow. The process is described briefly in Obadiah 17:</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“But on Mount Zion there shall be deliverance,</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>And there shall be holiness;</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The house of Jacob shall possess their possessions.”</span></p>

    <p class="body-space-before"><span>Here is God’s ultimate purpose: His people “shall possess their possessions” &ndash; that is, their God-given inheritance. He has stated two conditions. The first is negative:</span> <span class="italic">deliverance</span><span>. The second is positive:</span> <span class="italic">holiness.</span> <span>Any process that bypasses either of these conditions will not bring God’s people into their inheritance.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There is a logical and practical reason why deliverance from demons must precede holiness. Demons display many different characteristics, but they have one thing in common: All, without exception, are the enemies of true holiness. Until demons have been driven out, neither the Church nor Israel can attain to scriptural standards of holiness.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Let me say clearly that Obadiah 17 applies first and foremost to the nation of Israel. The Church has never replaced Israel. All God’s promises to Israel as a nation will be fulfilled precisely as they were given. (For more on this, see my book</span> <span class="italic">The Destiny of Israel and the Church).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are various places in the New Testament, however, in which the historical experiences of Israel are interpreted as types that also apply to the Church. In 1 Corinthians 10:1-11, for instance, Paul lists a series of experiences through which the people of Israel passed during and after their deliverance from Egypt, and he concludes: “Now all these things happened to them as examples, and they were written for our admonition, on whom the ends of the ages have come.” The experiences of Israel during and after the Exodus, in other words, contain important practical lessons that apply to Christians in the present age.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I believe the same applies to the contemporary restoration of the people of Israel to their scriptural inheritance in the land God gave them. It contains important practical lessons for the Church.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Anyone familiar with history and biblical prophecy can see that the people of Israel were out of their God-given geographical inheritance for nearly two thousand years. But the same applies to the Church. For much of that time we, too, have been out of our spiritual inheritance. If the apostles of the New Testament were to return to earth today, they would have to search a long way to find any church that compares with the one they left behind!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Nevertheless, Scripture encourages us to look forward to “the times of restoration of all things” (Acts 3:21). For both Israel and the Church, the first step to restoration is deliverance. The step that must follow is holiness.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Holiness is the unique mark of the God of the Bible. It should also be the unique mark of His people &ndash; both Israel and the Church. In both Old and New Testaments, God says to His people, “Be holy; for I am holy” (Leviticus 11:44; see 1 Peter 1:16).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>According to my personal observation &ndash; and I have ministered in many different kinds of congregations in more than forty nations over many years &ndash; churches today give scarcely any consideration to God’s requirement of holiness. Not only do Christians not achieve holiness; they do not even aim at it!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I compare this to people travelling on tours to many parts of the world. Such tours include visits to a series of different cities or countries. Sometimes the organisers include an “add-on” to the tour package. For an extra payment, the tour can be extended to sites or places not normally visited. I see the contemporary Church treating holiness in the same way. It is an “add-on” for which there is an extra charge. But most people who take the tour are not interested in the add-on.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Yet holiness is not an add-on. It is an essential part of the package of salvation. The writer of Hebrews tells us, “Pursue . . . holiness, without which no one will see the Lord” (Hebrews 12:14). How much salvation do we have if it does not bring us into the presence of the Lord?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>If God wills and I live, it is in my heart to write a book to follow this one, the title of which will be</span> <span class="italic">Holiness Is Not Optional.</span> <span>Holiness is an integral and essential element of the purpose of God for His people. If God continues to spare my life, I will go on to write a third book,</span> <span class="italic">Possessing Our Possessions.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Whether I succeed in writing these two books will depend on the grace and mercy of God. But whether I write them or not, the principle is clearly unfolded in Scripture: Deliverance is only the first step in a process leading to the recovery of holiness and the restoration of the Church to her original simplicity and purity.</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
