<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>8 - Beneath the Surface</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x8-beneath-the-surface">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>8</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>Beneath the Surface</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">T</span><span>hese dramatic encounters with demons had opened a window onto a strange, new spiritual realm. Passages in the gospels describing demonic manifestations were no longer records from an alien culture or the remote past. They had suddenly come alive. I had seen in my own experience that these accounts were just as relevant in twentieth-century United States as in first-century Israel.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Years later, while on vacation, I had an experience that brought back memories of these first confrontations with demons. When I went snorkelling for the first time and looked under the surface of the water, I was confronted with a new world. Unfamiliar creatures in dazzling colours moved to and fro against a background of plants and coral unlike anything I had ever seen on dry land.</span> <span class="italic">Just imagine,</span> <span>I said to myself.</span> <span class="italic">This other world has been close to me nearly all my life and I was scarcely aware of its existence!</span> <span>Yet all I had to do was put on a snorkel and look down into the water!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It seems to me that we in our “advanced” Western civilisation have been like swimmers without snorkels. Our humanistic, anti-supernatural view of the universe has kept us from recognising the reality of a demonic realm that has never been far from us. In parts of the world like Africa or Asia, people have always been conscious of demons and can describe many tangible demonstrations of their intrusion into human affairs.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In the West, too, demons exercise a continuous and powerful influence on our lives, but our humanistic prejudice has blinded us to the evidence. In fact, our refusal to acknowledge the evidence makes it easier for demons to operate undetected. We tend to cloak their activity with high-sounding psychological or psychiatric terminology &ndash; yet the “cures” we claim are often disappointing.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The “snorkel” we need is a return to the spiritual perspective of the New Testament. Jesus and His apostles openly recognised the reality of demons and demonstrated how to deal with them. The cures they achieved were often dramatic and always effective.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Now, as I studied the gospel accounts in the light of my new experiences, my previous ministry began to seem superficial. I took to heart the Lord’s assessment of the prophets of Israel in Jeremiah’s day: “They have also healed the hurt of My people slightly, saying, ‘Peace, peace!’ when there is no peace” (Jeremiah 6:14).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Frequently I had failed to discern the demonic nature of the problems in people I had counselled. I had dealt with only superficial behavioural manifestations. As a result, some of the apparent victories were incomplete or short-lived. All too often there was no real spiritual progress. We had been like Israel at Mount Sinai, going around the same mountain again and again instead of setting out on the road toward our God-given destination.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The apostle Paul said of his ministry, “I do not fight like a man beating the air” (1 Corinthians 9:26, niv). I saw that I had at times been an unskilful boxer, lashing out with my fists but not landing blows on my opponent’s body. My preaching and prayers had failed to come to grips with the demons tormenting and crippling those to whom I ministered.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>But now that began to change. In a few, brief weeks, God moved my ministry into a new dimension. As desperate people came to me almost every day, I tried to follow the pattern of Jesus, and I evaluated my progress against the record of the New Testament.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>When Jesus dealt with demons, for instance, they apparently asked him not to do certain things, such as sending them “out into the abyss” (Luke 8:31), but there is no record that they ever defied or refused to obey Him. In my first encounters, on the other hand, some of the demons had, for a time, openly defied me. In the case of Esther, I believe they were hoping to frighten me, so I would not press my attack against them.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I recognised that my authority over them was derived from Jesus, but manifestly it was not on the same level as His. I learned, however, that when I quoted Scripture persistently, declaring His victory and invoking His name, the demons were brought into subjection.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One particular theological question arose from my experiences with Esther, Rose and Sharon: How far is it wise, or right, to exchange words with demons? The clearest pattern in the ministry of Jesus is recorded in Luke 8:27-33:</span></p>

    <p class="scripture"><span>When Jesus stepped ashore, he was met by a demon-possessed [demonized] man from the town. For a long time this man had not worn clothes or lived in a house, but had lived in the tombs. When he saw Jesus, he cried out and fell at his feet, shouting at the top of his voice, “What do you want with me, Jesus, Son of the Most High God? I beg you, don’t torture me!” For Jesus had commanded the evil spirit to come out of the man. Many times it had seized him, and though he was chained hand and foot and kept under guard, he had broken his chains and had been driven by the demon into solitary places.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-no-spaces"><span>Jesus asked him, “What is your name?”</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-no-spaces"><span>“Legion,” he replied, because many demons had gone into him. And they begged him repeatedly not to order them to go into the Abyss.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-no-spaces"><span>A large herd of pigs was feeding there on the hillside. The demons begged Jesus to let them go into them, and he gave them permission. When the demons came out of the man, they went into the pigs, and the herd rushed down the steep bank into the lake and was drowned.</span></p>

    <p class="scripture-space-after"><span>(niv)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Luke’s record makes certain points clear.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Jesus began by commanding the demon to come out of the man. Then the man &ndash; or the demon in the man &ndash; not only spoke but shouted at Jesus (see verse 28).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Jesus then asked the demon, “What is your name?” (verse 30). The demon answered, “Legion.” A legion normally numbered between 4,200 and 6,000 soldiers. Clearly there were many demons in the man.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Then the demons “begged him repeatedly” not to order them into the Abyss (verse 31). Probably many different demons were speaking out of the man and had a lot to say! Jesus apparently made no attempt to prevent them speaking.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Eventually the demons sought to strike a bargain &ndash; “If we have to go out, please let us go into the pigs” &ndash; and Jesus gave them permission (see verse 32).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>When the demons entered the pigs, all two thousand of them (see Mark 5:13) stampeded into the lake and were drowned (see verse 33). Isn’t it amazing that one man could contain enough demons to send two thousand pigs to their death in the lake?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Meditating on this account, I arrived at two conclusions. First, it is scriptural &ndash; and sometimes necessary &ndash; to ask a demon, “What is your name?” Second, if demons answer back, it is necessary to deal with their answers, until they are forced to acknowledge the authority of Christ and to come out of their victim.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Since then I have learned that getting to know the name of a demon provides a “handle” to bring it into subjection. We might compare it to getting to know the name of a dog threatening to attack us. Calling the dog by its name in an authoritative tone of voice can be the first step in bringing it into subjection.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I wondered why Jesus allowed those demons to go into the pigs. Perhaps because it was an alternative they were willing to accept. If they had been forced to go out of the man without being allowed to enter alternative victims, they might have put up such a struggle that the man would not have been able to survive the pressure.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>It is important to bear in mind that all Jesus said and did was directed toward one practical end: to get the demons out of the man. This incident cannot be used to justify conversing with demons for any other purpose.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In particular, I came to understand that it is altogether wrong and extremely dangerous to seek any kind of special revelation from demons. God has given us His Holy Spirit as our all-sufficient Teacher and Revelator. The Holy Spirit is the Spirit of truth, whereas Satan is the father of lies. To seek revelation from some satanic source, therefore, is to dishonour the Holy Spirit and to expose ourselves to deception.<a class="calibre2" href="#x1-anchor">1</a></span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In those first few weeks God gave me deep compassion for those who are bound by demons. I began to look below the surface of problems that appeared purely physical or psychological, and to identify the underlying demonic forces at work. It was exciting to be able to help people whose needs I could never previously have understood. God began to put within me a burning indignation that so many of His people are still in bondage to demons.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>After Jesus released a woman who had been bent double for eighteen years with a spirit of infirmity, the religious leaders challenged Him because He was not following their rules for observing the Sabbath. He responded indignantly, “Ought not this woman, being a daughter of Abraham, whom Satan has bound &ndash; think of it &ndash; for eighteen years, be loosed from this bond on the Sabbath?” (Luke 13:16).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“Amen, Lord!” I reply. “She ought to be loosed! And so ought thousands of others of Your people who are bound and tormented by demons.”</span></p><a class="calibre3" id="x1-anchor"></a>

    <p class="footnote"><span>1. In the 1970s a group of ministers who had experience dealing with demons began to hold lengthy conversations with them, seeking to obtain special understanding about things in the spiritual realm. In the end this proved disastrous. The group went into serious doctrinal error and some of them died prematurely.</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
