<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>9 - Lessons From an Expanding Ministry</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="x9-lessons-from-an-expanding-ministry">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>9</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>Lessons from an Expanding Ministry</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">W</span><span>hile Lydia and I were busy ministering to people in our home, our congregation was busy, too, discussing what had happened to Sharon, our pianist. Some of our people were jubilant over the victory that had been won. Others were fearful and confused. So I announced that I would give some systematic teaching on this topic at our midweek Bible study.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>About one hundred people gathered. I led them objectively through the New Testament references to demons, taking care to point out how to recognise and deal with them. But as I prepared to close the Bible study with a standard pastoral prayer of dismissal, the people began to protest.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“You can’t stop now!” they said. “We need help.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>“How many people need help?” I asked. “Put up your hands.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>When about fifty people raised their hands, I was faced with a crisis. I remembered my intense struggles in ministering to one individual at a time. How could I possibly cope with fifty?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>At that moment I received a flash of inspiration. I recalled occasions when I had preached a message of salvation and ten or twenty people had come forward to repent. Never for a moment had I imagined that it was my responsibility to save them. As I had led them in a prayer, each one made personal contact with the only One who could save him or her &ndash; Jesus Christ, the Saviour. Over the years I had seen hundreds of people receive salvation by this simple procedure.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The same Christ who is the only Saviour, I reasoned, is the only Deliverer. Only Jesus can break the power of demonic bondage in people’s lives and set them free. So I should be able to introduce them to the Deliverer in just the same way.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I asked those who had raised their hands to come to the front, telling the others to stay and pray quietly in their seats. Then I explained to those wanting deliverance that they needed to make direct personal contact with Christ, and I outlined four simple conditions they needed to meet:</span></p>

    <ol class="calibre4">
      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Be sure you have repented &ndash; that is, turned away from every form of sin</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Look only to Jesus; He alone is the Deliverer</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Base your appeal solely on what Jesus did for you through His death on the cross, not on any “good works” of your own</span></li>

      <li class="points-space-before"><span>Be sure that, by an act of your will, you have forgiven every person who ever harmed or wronged you</span></li>
    </ol>

    <p class="body"><span>Finally I reminded them of the promise through which I myself had received deliverance from the demon of depression: “Whoever calls on the name of the Lord shall be saved” (Joel 2:32). I also quoted the words of Jesus: “In my name you shall expel demons” (Mark 16:17, Weymouth). And I added, “In the name of Jesus you have the authority to expel them from yourselves.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I led them in a simple, step-by-step prayer covering the conditions they needed to meet, and closed with, “And now, Lord Jesus, I renounce any evil spirit that has gained any control over me, and I claim Your promise of deliverance. In Your name, Lord Jesus.” Then I prayed a collective prayer for all of them, as they began to receive deliverance.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The next fifteen minutes were lively &ndash; screaming, sobbing, coughing, shaking. Some fell to the floor, while others gave no outward indication that anything was taking place inside them.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>When things quieted down, I asked how many of them felt they had received the deliverance they had prayed for. About 75 percent raised their hands. The remaining 25 percent needed further, individual ministry. I dismissed the people whose needs had been met, and Lydia and I did our best to help those who remained behind. In most cases we simply stood with them, encouraging them to press through to deliverance for themselves and to use the name of Jesus against their enemy. We also gave them appropriate Scriptures to quote.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In some cases it became clear that they had not fulfilled all the conditions I had outlined. The hindrance we needed to emphasise most, as it turned out, was failure to forgive those who had harmed or wronged them.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Out of this experience I learned one vitally important principle: The most important issue was not whether I had the necessary authority, but whether the people seeking deliverance had met God’s conditions for receiving it. The promise of Jesus to His disciples has never varied: “Behold, I give you the authority . . . over all the power of the enemy, and nothing shall by any means hurt you” (Luke 10:19). The variable factor in each situation is the response of those to whom we minister. When people meet the scriptural requirements, deliverance follows.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Full deliverance, however, may not be immediate but progressive, as people come to understand the various areas of their lives that have been affected by demonic influence. Often there looms in the background the dark shadow of a generational curse or a curse from occult sources. (I deal with this in my book</span> <span class="italic">Blessing or Curse: You Can Choose!</span> <span>and will say more about it in chapter 21.)</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">Controversy</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>From that first experience I came to see that the ministry of deliverance is not primarily a test of my personal authority. It is a means of helping people in desperate need. Since then I have continually placed my main emphasis on explaining God’s conditions and urging people to make the right response.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>That midweek Bible study was a turning point in my ministry. When I discovered that the majority of people could receive their deliverance collectively, after proper instruction, I was no longer restricted to one-on-one deliverance. In fact, I found that the combined faith of one hundred people all gathered for the same purpose is usually greater than the faith of a single individual.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Once I grasped this principle, the Lord began to open the way for me to apply it on a much wider scale. In 1964 I finally resigned my pastorate and moved out in faith as an itinerant Bible teacher, combining the ministries of teaching and deliverance.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The Lord made it clear to me at the outset that He did not want me to become a “specialist” in deliverance. I understood that delivering people from demons is an integral part of the message of the Gospel, not some unusual extra reserved for “experts.” My example was Jesus, who “travelled throughout Galilee, preaching in their synagogues and driving out demons” (Mark 1:39, niv). Apparently Jesus was always ready to drive out demons when He preached. If He had not done so, He would have failed to meet the needs of some of the people, and His ministry would have been incomplete.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>As the Lord began to open one door after another before me, my name became known to various sectors of the Body of Christ in the U.S. Some people objected vehemently to the manifestations that frequently accompanied the ministry of deliverance, but others sent urgent messages asking for my help. The cries for help outnumbered the criticisms.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One early experience stands out in my memory. In 1965 I was asked to be the Bible teacher at a large, international Full Gospel convention in the Conrad Hilton Hotel in Chicago. One day I gave a Bible study to about six hundred people on deliverance from demons. When I asked at the end how many felt they might need deliverance, at least two hundred people put up their hands. Looking at them, I breathed a prayer of thanks to God for teaching me the principles of collective prayer for deliverance!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>When the people came forward, I gave them the same basic instruction on meeting God’s conditions that had proved effective with smaller groups. Then I led them in a step-by-step prayer, just as in other such meetings. Finally I told them to cry out to the Lord individually for deliverance, while I prayed a collective prayer for them all.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The scene that followed was somewhat chaotic. Two or three fell to the floor and lay writhing and struggling as the demons came out. Some women were screaming as demons came out of them. Still others rushed out in a panic and went up to their hotel rooms, declaring they would not come back so long as I was preaching.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>This meeting provoked a good deal of adverse criticism. Yet in subsequent years I often met people from all over the U.S. who told me, “I got delivered in that service in the Conrad Hilton Hotel in 1965.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Some people opposed my ministry of deliverance on the basis that I did not do it as effectively as Jesus. They would quote Matthew 8:16: “He cast out the spirits with a word, and healed all who were sick” &ndash; implying there were no noisy or disorderly disturbances when Jesus ministered. But, as I said in chapter 3, that is not correct. Other passages in that gospel describe incidents that were both noisy and disorderly.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Furthermore, Matthew records that Jesus not only expelled demons but also “healed all who were sick.” Like many other preachers, I had prayed for the sick and had not seen them all healed. Yet I did not recall anyone ever attacking me for not ministering to the sick as effectively as Jesus did. Why, then, should people focus only on the area of dealing with demons?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Again, I knew that I did not teach as well as Jesus, yet no one had ever criticised me for this or suggested it as a reason I should stop teaching. Furthermore, some of the very people who criticised my deliverance meetings were themselves Bible teachers. I was sure they, too, would acknowledge that they did not teach as well as Jesus. Yet it did not seem to occur to them that they should give up teaching. So, again, why was criticism focused on this ministry of deliverance?</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I suggest two main reasons. First, because Satan jealously guards the secrets of his demonic kingdom. Over the centuries he has built up in the minds of Christians a barrier of fear and superstitious ignorance keeping us from acknowledging either the truths of Scripture or the facts of experience.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The second reason is that the professing Christian Church has established a pattern of behaviour considered “appropriate” for the house of God. Too often this leaves no room for the messy facts of human sin and demonic oppression. Some churchgoers are offended by the noisy and disorderly manifestations that sometimes accompany the driving out of demons. Dignity takes precedence over deliverance.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I looked again at the ministry of Jesus and discovered various instances in which a demon or demons screamed and shouted at Him; interrupted His preaching; convulsed people when they came out, leaving them apparently dead; caused a person to wallow on the ground foaming at the mouth; and stampeded a herd of two thousand pigs into a lake. Yet Jesus was never disturbed, nor did He suppress these manifestations. He simply dealt with them as part of His total ministry to suffering humanity.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Gradually I came to see that there are three possible sources of such manifestations: the Holy Spirit, evil spirits or unruly human flesh. To each we need to respond appropriately. If certain manifestations are from the Holy Spirit, we need to acknowledge Him and flow with Him. If they issue from an evil spirit, we need to take a stand against it and expel it. If they come from unruly human flesh, we need to exercise discipline and bring it under control.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The scriptural solution, however, is not to exercise such rigid control over every meeting that no disorderly manifestations are ever permitted. This would go far beyond the pattern set by Jesus. Furthermore, it overlooks the fact that in the ministry of Jesus it was the anointing of the Holy Spirit that forced the demons to manifest themselves. A similar anointing today will produce similar results.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>If demons never manifest themselves, then there is no opportunity to expel them. They remain below the surface in people’s lives, free to continue their harmful and destructive activities. Given their choice, no doubt demons would rather be “controlled” than expelled. At the same time, I recognise that I was slow sometimes to identify the source of certain manifestations. I tolerated fleshly demonstrations, attributing these to a spiritual source and not dealing appropriately with them. (Over the years, I trust, I have become more sensitive to these issues.)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>But not all the criticisms I received were hostile. Some of my friends said to me, “Derek, it’s all right to cast out demons, but you don’t have to do it in public where it disturbs people.” This seemed reasonable to me, but I felt that before changing my methods, I ought to further study the ministry of Jesus and see whether He normally dealt with demons in private.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>To my surprise, I found in the gospels that there was nothing Jesus did more regularly and consistently in public than drive out demons. I could not find a single instance in which He took a person aside in private for this purpose. This aspect of His ministry excited more public attention than any other. Apparently He was not concerned that those who needed deliverance might be deterred by embarrassment. I decided I would not try to improve on the methods of Jesus!</span></p>

    <p class="subhead"><span class="heading1">Other Lessons I Learned</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The deepest and most enduring effect in my own life was the new light deliverance cast upon the cross. I discovered in experience that our authority over demons is derived</span> <span class="italic">solely</span> <span>from the victory Jesus won for us by His shed blood, His death and His victorious resurrection.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Satan’s primary weapon against the whole human race is</span> <span class="italic">guilt.</span> <span>This is why he is “the accuser of [the] brethren” (Revelation 12:10). He reminds God continually that we are all guilty of transgressing God’s righteous law. Hence he contends that we have no claim on God’s mercy but are justly subject to God’s judgement.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>But Jesus, by His atoning death on our behalf, “wiped out the handwriting of [legal] requirements that was against us” and “disarmed [the satanic] principalities and powers” (Colossians 2:14-15) by taking from them their primary weapon against us: guilt. As a result, we are now “justified” and “have peace with God” (Romans 5:1). To be justified means to be made righteous with Christ’s righteousness, which retains no record of sin, nothing of which to be guilty. In effect, each of us has been on trial in the court of heaven, and the verdict has been handed down:</span> <span class="italic">not guilty!</span> <span>On this basis &ndash; and this basis only &ndash; we have the right to exercise the authority Jesus has given us over demons.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Through many personal encounters with demons, I have learned that they are not impressed by religious terminology. They scorn denominational labels or ecclesiastical status. But when we use the name of Jesus and boldly affirm the words of Scripture that declare His victory won on the cross &ndash; and the unchallengeable righteousness we have received from Him by faith &ndash; then their arrogance and viciousness melt away. They begin to act like the contemptible creatures they truly are, and we witness a fulfilment of Revelation 12:11: “[The believers] overcame him [Satan] by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>On several occasions I have seen a demon manifest fear in the trembling of the body of its victim. This is why James said that “the demons believe &ndash; and tremble!” (James 2:19). At other times a demon forces its victim to cover his ears with his hands to avoid hearing the bold proclamation of Jesus’ victory on the cross, which is the only and all-sufficient basis of deliverance, but is torment to demons.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Early in this ministry God impressed me with another truth: the importance of</span> <span class="italic">repentance.</span> <span>People who have been taken over by a demon and who then commit some sinful act may say, “I’m not responsible. A demon made me do it! I couldn’t help myself.” By this they imply that they are not guilty and do not therefore need to repent.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>But in Acts 17:30 Paul told the men of Athens, “God . . . commands</span> <span class="italic">all men everywhere</span> <span>to repent.” The phrase all men everywhere leaves out no person and no place. Every human being without exception is required by God to repent.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The universal reason we all need to repent is that we have all yielded to the rebellious nature we have each inherited from Adam. We are rebels at war with God. We cannot make peace with Him until we lay down our rebellion &ndash; that is, until we repent. That is the true nature of repentance: to lay down our rebellion. This is not primarily an emotion; it is an act of the will.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>But beyond our universal responsibility for rebellion, each one of us has added our own individual acts of sin and self-will. Sometimes a series of such wrong choices and acts actually brings people to the point that they are no longer able to resist demonic pressure to commit certain sinful acts. They are literally</span> <span class="italic">compelled.</span> <span>Nevertheless, they are still responsible for all the wrong things that brought them to that state of powerlessness in the face of evil. Therefore, they still need to repent.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>There are, I discovered, two main barriers to deliverance: failure to repent and failure to forgive others and lay down resentment. Once people met these two requirements, I discovered that I had the authority, delegated by Jesus, to drive the demons out of them. But I had to determine the boundaries of my authority.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I had heard, for example, about people who, after they drove demons out, “cast them into the pit.” Was this scriptural? I could find no incident in the New Testament where Jesus cast demons into the pit. In dealing with the man from Gadara (see Matthew 8:28-32), Jesus did accede to the demons’ plea and allow them to go into the herd of pigs. But He did not go beyond that. Previously the demons had asked Jesus, “Have You come here to torment us before the time?” (verse 29). Apparently the demons already knew there was a set time in God’s eternal programme for them to undergo their final punishment, but until that time, they would be permitted to continue their present activities. Accordingly Jesus stayed within the boundaries set by His Father.</span></p>

    <p class="calibre5"><span class="heading2">International Ministry</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>As I declared the truths God was teaching me about deliverance, tape recordings of my teachings began to circulate in the U.S. and in other nations. In 1967 I received an invitation to New Zealand, where I conducted my first public deliverance service outside the U.S. In subsequent visits to New Zealand, I have met Christians still talking about that service, and even some who received deliverance there. Since then I have conducted public deliverance services in more than twenty other nations.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>One of the most memorable was in 1984 in a remote, rural area in the northwest corner of Zambia in Central Africa. About seven thousand African men and women gathered for a teaching convention at which I was the main speaker. The “auditorium” was a large, natural amphitheatre about the size of an American football field, sloping gently downward toward the speaker’s platform. The underbrush had been cleared away, but trees had been left standing to provide shade. It was like an open-air cathedral with the sunlight streaming through the branches. The people all sat on the ground &ndash; men, women, old, young, mothers with babies and small children &ndash; completely filling the area.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I had been asked to teach for five days. I saw this as a wonderful opportunity to take the people stage by stage through the redemptive plan of God &ndash; out of the slavery of sin and Satan “into the glorious liberty of the children of God” (Romans 8:21).</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>My first message was on the one, all-sufficient sacrifice that meets the need of all ages and all races: the cross. When I called for those who needed to repent, many responded and received salvation.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Then I taught them how to pass from curse to blessing. I explained that, on the cross, Jesus “[became] a curse for us” so that we might inherit “the blessing of Abraham,” whom God blessed in all things (Galatians 3:13-14). Then I led these Africans &ndash; who are very conscious of the reality of curses and fear them greatly &ndash; in a prayer of release, in which nearly all participated. (Again, I will say more about this in chapter 21.)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>At the end of my message, a well-dressed man came up to me, threw himself on the ground and rolled in the dust at my feet. “Thank you, thank you, thank you!” he said. “All my life I have never known a day without pain. Today, for the first time, I am free from all pain.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>On the third day I taught them how to recognise the activity of demons and to be delivered from them. At the end I led them in a collective prayer of deliverance.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The scene that followed was, to say the least, dramatic. The Africans in that area, keen hunters of animals, had been taught by witch doctors that, in order to be successful, they must open themselves up to the “spirit” of the particular animal (such as a lion, elephant or boar) that they intended to hunt. Unfortunately, often their wives were also taken over by similar spirits.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>When we prayed the collective prayer for deliverance, these animal spirits began to manifest themselves. There was a cacophony of jungle sounds. Near the front, a man with a lion spirit attempted to charge me, but another man tripped him and he fell to the ground without reaching me. Several other people, both men and women, dug in the ground with their noses like boars. A number of women slithered on their bellies on the ground like snakes. One man rolled like a log all the way up the incline to the entrance.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>I was reminded of the word</span> <span class="italic">pandemonium,</span> <span>describing a situation in which many demons are let loose simultaneously. It was remarkable that there was no violence. The name of Jesus was continually on the lips of the workers who were assisting. After about an hour the uproar subsided. The supernatural peace that followed led me to believe that most of the people had been set free.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>On the fourth day of the conference my theme was the baptism in the Holy Spirit and how to receive it. After I led the people in a prayer, several thousand began to speak in tongues simultaneously. It was awe-inspiring! Then on the final day I taught the people how to exercise the vocal gifts of the Holy Spirit, and led them into the personal exercise of these gifts. The result was a confirmation of the words of Paul in 1 Corinthians 14:31: “For you can all prophesy one by one, that all may learn and all may be encouraged.”</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The conference in Zambia was in many ways the culmination of what God had been teaching me. Deliverance is not an end in itself, but one vital stage without which some Christians will never enter into the fullness Jesus intended for them. Since that time in Zambia, I have conducted similar teaching conferences in several other nations, including Russia, Kazakhstan, Turkey and Poland. In each place I have taught people how to recognise and expel demons &ndash; and this has always led to a glorious experience of the power and gifts of the Holy Spirit.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Because of the pressure of these public conferences, and also because the Lord has led me to place greater emphasis on my writing ministry, I rarely counsel individuals today. Through the printed word I am able to help many more people than by one-on-one counselling.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In the next chapter, I will share some important personal lessons that I learned from ministering to others.</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
