<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Part 4 - How to Recognise and Expel Demons</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/

  @page { margin-bottom: 5.000000pt; margin-top: 5.000000pt; }
                @font-face {
    font-family: "Times";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(Times-Roman)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Trajan Pro";
    font-style: normal;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(TrajanPro-Regular)
    }

                @font-face {
    font-family: "Adobe Garamond Pro";
    font-style: italic;
    font-weight: normal;
    src: local(AGaramondPro-Italic)
    }
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body class="calibre">
  <div class="calibre1 calibre1" id="part-4-how-to-recognise-and-expel-demons">
    <p class="heading-top"><span>Part 4</span></p>

    <p class="heading"><span>How to Recognise and Expel Demons</span></p>

    <p class="first-para"><span class="dropcap">T</span><span>he purpose of this section is to offer practical directions for recognising and dealing with demons. It is not intended to be a complete “how-to” guide, nor is it a set of rules to follow. I do not believe it is possible to devise a guide or set of rules that will meet all the needs. (At least I know I could not do it!)</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Rather, in dealing with demons, we need to follow the pattern of Jesus, who said that He “cast out demons by the Spirit of God” (Matthew 12:28). Jesus depended on the Holy Spirit for discernment, direction and power. We can be effective only when we are equally dependent on the same Holy Spirit.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>After more than thirty years in this ministry, I still find myself confronted from time to time by situations for which I can find no precedent in my previous experience. My only security lies in consciously and continually acknowledging my dependence on the Holy Spirit. But thank God, He is always dependable!</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>The material in this section is drawn from two main sources: first, my study of the patterns and examples provided by Scripture; and second, my personal experience in dealing with many demonized people.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>In the first two chapters I analyse the main ways demons can affect us and exercise their influence on us. At the end of chapters 18, 19 and 20, you will find personal testimonies of Christians who became involved in dealing with demons. If you follow on through the subsequent chapters, you should arrive at a point at which you can identify demonic activity in your own life or in the lives of others for whom you are concerned. Having identified it, you will be prepared and equipped to take appropriate action.</span></p>

    <p class="body"><span>Finally, a word of caution. Nothing I say in this section should be interpreted as implying that there is no place in our lives for the help we can receive from the medical profession. For my part, I am deeply grateful for the skill and dedication with which doctors and nurses and others have cared for me. Without their help I probably would not be alive today to write this book!</span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
