#+BEGIN_SRC bash -n :i bash :async :results verbatim code :lang text
  Hebrews 9:14-27
#+END_SRC

#+RESULTS:
#+begin_src text
Hebrews 9:14-27
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
How much more shall the blood of Christ, who
through the eternal Spirit offered himself
without spot to God, purge your conscience
from dead works to serve the living God?

And for this cause he is the mediator of the
new testament, that by means of death, for the
redemption of the transgressions that were
under the first testament, they which are
called might receive the promise of eternal
inheritance.

For where a testament is, there must also of
necessity be the death of the testator.

For a testament is of force after men are
dead: otherwise it is of no strength at all
while the testator liveth.

Whereupon neither the first testament was
dedicated without blood.

For when Moses had spoken every precept to all
the people according to the law, he took the
blood of calves and of goats, with water, and
scarlet wool, and hyssop, and sprinkled both
the book, and all the people, Saying, This is
the blood of the testament which God hath
enjoined unto you.

Moreover he sprinkled with blood both the
tabernacle, and all the vessels of the
ministry.

And almost all things are by the law purged
with blood; and without shedding of blood is
no remission.

It was therefore necessary that the patterns
of things in the heavens should be purified
with these; but the heavenly things themselves
with better sacrifices than these.

For Christ is not entered into the holy places
made with hands, which are the figures of the
true; but into heaven itself, now to appear in
the presence of God for us: Nor yet that he
should offer himself often, as the high priest
entereth into the holy place every year with
blood of others; For then must he often have
suffered since the foundation of the world:
but now once in the end of the age hath he
appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of
himself.

And as it is appointed unto men once to die,
but after this the judgment:

(RLT)
#+end_src

