* Spiritual warfare scriptures
#+BEGIN_SRC bash -n :i bash :f "bible-show-verses -m NASB -pp" :async :results verbatim code :lang text
  Psalms 91:11
  James 4:7
  1 John 4:4
  2 Cor. 10:3-5
  1 Peter 5:8-9
  Isaiah 54:17
  Ephesians 6:11-17
  1 Cor. 15:57
  Zechariah 4:6
  2 Thess. 3:3
  Luke 10:19
  John 10:10
  Matthew 18:18-19
  Deuteronomy 28:7
  John 16:33
  1 Cor. 10:13
  John 8:32
  Romans 12:21
  Rev 12:11
  1 Timothy 6:12
  Matthew 16:18
  1 John 3:8
  Isaiah 40:31
  Joshua 23:10
  Deuteronomy 3:22
  Romans 8:31
  Psalm 44:5
  Joshua 1:9
  Psalm 18:39
  Psalm 91:1-4
  2 Chron. 20:15
  Matthew 16:23
  Leviticus 26:8
  Psalm 23:1-6
  Nahum 1:7
  Psalm 140:1
#+END_SRC

#+RESULTS:
#+begin_src text
Psalms 91:11
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
For He will give His angels charge concerning
you, To guard you in all your ways.

James 4:7
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Submit therefore to God. Resist the devil and he
will flee from you.

I John 4:4
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
You are from God, little children, and have
overcome them; because greater is He who is in
you than he who is in the world.

II Corinthians 10:3
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war
according to the flesh,

II Corinthians 10:4
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
for the weapons of our warfare are not of the
flesh, but divinely powerful for the destruction
of fortresses.

II Corinthians 10:5
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
We are destroying speculations and every lofty
thing raised up against the knowledge of God, and
we are taking every thought captive to the
obedience of Christ,

I Peter 5:8
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Be of sober spirit, be on the alert. Your
adversary, the devil, prowls around like a
roaring lion, seeking someone to devour.

I Peter 5:9
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
But resist him, firm in your faith, knowing that
the same experiences of suffering are being
accomplished by your brethren who are in the
world.

Isaiah 54:17
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
“No weapon that is formed against you will
prosper; And every tongue that accuses you in
judgment you will condemn. This is the heritage
of the servants of the LORD, And their
vindication is from Me,” declares the LORD.

Ephesians 6:11
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Put on the full armor of God, so that you will be
able to stand firm against the schemes of the
devil.

Ephesians 6:12
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
For our struggle is not against flesh and blood,
but against the rulers, against the powers,
against the world forces of this darkness,
against the spiritual forces of wickedness in the
heavenly places.

Ephesians 6:13
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Therefore, take up the full armor of God, so that
you will be able to resist in the evil day, and
having done everything, to stand firm.

Ephesians 6:14
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Stand firm therefore, having girded your loins
with truth, and having put on the breastplate of
righteousness,

Ephesians 6:15
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
and having shod your feet with the preparation of
the gospel of peace;

Ephesians 6:16
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
in addition to all, taking up the shield of faith
with which you will be able to extinguish all the
flaming arrows of the evil one.

Ephesians 6:17
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword
of the Spirit, which is the word of God.

I Corinthians 15:57
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
but thanks be to God, who gives us the victory
through our Lord Jesus Christ.

Zechariah 4:6
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Then he said to me, “This is the word of the
LORD to Zerubbabel saying, ‘Not by might nor by
power, but by My Spirit,’ says the LORD of
hosts.

II Thessalonians 3:3
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
But the Lord is faithful, and He will strengthen
and protect you from the evil one.

Luke 10:19
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Behold, I have given you authority to tread on
serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of
the enemy, and nothing will injure you.

John 10:10
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
The thief comes only to steal and kill and
destroy; I came that they may have life, and have
it abundantly.

Matthew 18:18
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Truly I say to you, whatever you bind on earth
shall have been bound in heaven; and whatever you
loose on earth shall have been loosed in heaven.

Matthew 18:19
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
“Again I say to you, that if two of you agree
on earth about anything that they may ask, it
shall be done for them by My Father who is in
heaven.

Deuteronomy 28:7
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
“The LORD shall cause your enemies who rise up
against you to be defeated before you; they will
come out against you one way and will flee before
you seven ways.

John 16:33
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
These things I have spoken to you, so that in Me
you may have peace. In the world you have
tribulation, but take courage; I have overcome
the world.”

I Corinthians 10:13
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
No temptation has overtaken you but such as is
common to man; and God is faithful, who will not
allow you to be tempted beyond what you are able,
but with the temptation will provide the way of
escape also, so that you will be able to endure
it.

John 8:32
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
and you will know the truth, and the truth will
make you free.”

Romans 12:21
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil
with good.

Revelation of John 12:11
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
And they overcame him because of the blood of the
Lamb and because of the word of their testimony,
and they did not love their life even when faced
with death.

I Timothy 6:12
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Fight the good fight of faith; take hold of the
eternal life to which you were called, and you
made the good confession in the presence of many
witnesses.

Matthew 16:18
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
I also say to you that you are Peter, and upon
this rock I will build My church; and the gates
of Hades will not overpower it.

I John 3:8
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
the one who practices sin is of the devil; for
the devil has sinned from the beginning. The Son
of God appeared for this purpose, to destroy the
works of the devil.

Isaiah 40:31
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Yet those who wait for the LORD Will gain new
strength; They will mount up with wings like
eagles, They will run and not get tired, They
will walk and not become weary.

Joshua 23:10
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
One of your men puts to flight a thousand, for
the LORD your God is He who fights for you, just
as He promised you.

Deuteronomy 3:22
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Do not fear them, for the LORD your God is the
one fighting for you.’

Romans 8:31
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
What then shall we say to these things? If God is
for us, who is against us?

Psalms 44:5
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Through You we will push back our adversaries;
Through Your name we will trample down those who
rise up against us.

Joshua 1:9
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Have I not commanded you? Be strong and
courageous! Do not tremble or be dismayed, for
the LORD your God is with you wherever you go.”

Psalms 18:39
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
For You have girded me with strength for battle;
You have subdued under me those who rose up
against me.

Psalms 91:1
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High
Will abide in the shadow of the Almighty.

Psalms 91:2
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
I will say to the LORD, “My refuge and my
fortress, My God, in whom I trust!”

Psalms 91:3
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
For it is He who delivers you from the snare of
the trapper And from the deadly pestilence.

Psalms 91:4
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
He will cover you with His pinions, And under His
wings you may seek refuge; His faithfulness is a
shield and bulwark.

II Chronicles 20:15
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
and he said, “Listen, all Judah and the
inhabitants of Jerusalem and King Jehoshaphat:
thus says the LORD to you, ‘Do not fear or be
dismayed because of this great multitude, for the
battle is not yours but God’s.

Matthew 16:23
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
But He turned and said to Peter, “Get behind
Me, Satan! You are a stumbling block to Me; for
you are not setting your mind on God’s
interests, but man’s.”

Leviticus 26:8
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
five of you will chase a hundred, and a hundred
of you will chase ten thousand, and your enemies
will fall before you by the sword.

Psalms 23:1
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
The LORD is my shepherd, I shall not want.

Psalms 23:2
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
He makes me lie down in green pastures; He leads
me beside quiet waters.

Psalms 23:3
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
He restores my soul; He guides me in the paths of
righteousness For His name’s sake.

Psalms 23:4
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Even though I walk through the valley of the
shadow of death, I fear no evil, for You are with
me; Your rod and Your staff, they comfort me.

Psalms 23:5
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
You prepare a table before me in the presence of
my enemies; You have anointed my head with oil;
My cup overflows.

Psalms 23:6
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Surely goodness and lovingkindness will follow me
all the days of my life, And I will dwell in the
house of the LORD forever.

Nahum 1:7
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
The LORD is good, A stronghold in the day of
trouble, And He knows those who take refuge in
Him.

Psalms 140:1
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
Rescue me, O LORD, from evil men; Preserve me
from violent men

(NASB)
#+end_src