#+TITLE: D-Group journal weekly entry for 2024, week 5

* D-Group weekly session notes
Started working on it: <2024-01-28 Sun>

Listen to instrumental worship music:
[[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5qgKMWbo4c&t=1s&ab_channel=CHRISTIANPiano][Wait On The Lord : Piano Instrumental Music With Scriptures & Autumn Scene 🍁CHRISTIAN piano]]

| Scripture Memory | NT260 Passage | Foundations260 Readings |
|------------------+---------------+-------------------------|
| [[sh:bible-read-passage nasb Matthew 5:9-10 ][Matthew 5:9-10]]   | [[sh:bible-study-passage nasb Luke 21-24 ][Luke 21-24]]    | [[sh:bible-study-passage nasb Genesis 39-47 ][Genesis 39-47]]           |
|                  | [[sh:bible-study-passage nasb Acts 1 ][Acts 1]]        |                         |

While doing the reading, write bullet points about the story.
Take note of verses which stand out to me and think about what
the writer may have been experiencing when they wrote those verses.
Keep in mind the context of the verse.

** Readings bullet points
Write bullet points for each of the readings, and optionally sub-bullet-points applications for applying to or making comparisons to my own life.

Story bullet points (over entire Foundations260 reading):
- 

Story bullet points (over entire NT260 Journals reading):
- 

** Scripture memory
#+BEGIN_SRC bash -n :i bash :f "bible-show-verses -m NASB -pp" :async :results verbatim code :lang text
  Matthew 5:9-10
#+END_SRC

#+RESULTS:
#+begin_src text
Matthew 5:9
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
“Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be
called sons of God.

Matthew 5:10
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
“Blessed are those who have been persecuted for
the sake of righteousness, for theirs is the
kingdom of heaven.

(NASB)
#+end_src

** HEAR Journals
Go over the reading and make hear journal entries for any verses
that stood out for me.

+ H :: [h]ighlight a verse that stood out in the reading
+ E :: [e]xplain the context of the verse and what the writer/people in the story may have been experiencing when they wrote/experienced it
+ A :: write down how I can [a]pply this Bible verse in my own life
+ R :: [r]espond to the LORD in prayer

*** H.E.A.R journal entry for verse [[sh:bible-study-passage nasb Luke 21-24 ][Luke 21-24]]
**** H (highlight)
#+BEGIN_SRC bash -n :i bash :async :results verbatim code :lang text
  nasb Luke 21-24
#+END_SRC

#+RESULTS:
#+begin_src text
Luke 21-24
‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾
And He looked up and saw the rich putting
their gifts into the treasury.

And He saw a poor widow putting in two small
copper coins.

And He said, “Truly I say to you, this poor
widow put in more than all of them; for they
all out of their surplus put into the
offering; but she out of her poverty put in
all that she had to live on.” And while some
were talking about the temple, that it was
adorned with beautiful stones and votive
gifts, He said, “As for these things which you
are looking at, the days will come in which
there will not be left one stone upon another
which will not be torn down.” They questioned
Him, saying, “Teacher, when therefore will
these things happen?

And what will be the sign when these things
are about to take place?” And He said, “See to
it that you are not misled; for many will come
in My name, saying, ‘I am He,’ and, ‘The time
is near.’ Do not go after them.

When you hear of wars and disturbances, do not
be terrified; for these things must take place
first, but the end does not follow
immediately.” Then He continued by saying to
them, “Nation will rise against nation and
kingdom against kingdom, and there will be
great earthquakes, and in various places
plagues and famines; and there will be terrors
and great signs from heaven.

“But before all these things, they will lay
their hands on you and will persecute you,
delivering you to the synagogues and prisons,
bringing you before kings and governors for My
name’s sake.

It will lead to an opportunity for your
testimony.

So make up your minds not to prepare
beforehand to defend yourselves; for I will
give you utterance and wisdom which none of
your opponents will be able to resist or
refute.

But you will be betrayed even by parents and
brothers and relatives and friends, and they
will put some of you to death, and you will be
hated by all because of My name.

Yet not a hair of your head will perish.

By your endurance you will gain your lives.

“But when you see Jerusalem surrounded by
armies, then recognize that her desolation is
near.

Then those who are in Judea must flee to the
mountains, and those who are in the midst of
the city must leave, and those who are in the
country must not enter the city; because these
are days of vengeance, so that all things
which are written will be fulfilled.

Woe to those who are pregnant and to those who
are nursing babies in those days; for there
will be great distress upon the land and wrath
to this people; and they will fall by the edge
of the sword, and will be led captive into all
the nations; and Jerusalem will be trampled
under foot by the Gentiles until the times of
the Gentiles are fulfilled.

“There will be signs in sun and moon and
stars, and on the earth dismay among nations,
in perplexity at the roaring of the sea and
the waves, men fainting from fear and the
expectation of the things which are coming
upon the world; for the powers of the heavens
will be shaken.

Then they will see the Son of Man coming in a
cloud with power and great glory.

But when these things begin to take place,
straighten up and lift up your heads, because
your redemption is drawing near.” Then He told
them a parable: “Behold the fig tree and all
the trees; as soon as they put forth leaves,
you see it and know for yourselves that summer
is now near.

So you also, when you see these things
happening, recognize that the kingdom of God
is near.

Truly I say to you, this generation will not
pass away until all things take place.

Heaven and earth will pass away, but My words
will not pass away.

“Be on guard, so that your hearts will not be
weighted down with dissipation and drunkenness
and the worries of life, and that day will not
come on you suddenly like a trap; for it will
come upon all those who dwell on the face of
all the earth.

But keep on the alert at all times, praying
that you may have strength to escape all these
things that are about to take place, and to
stand before the Son of Man.” Now during the
day He was teaching in the temple, but at
evening He would go out and spend the night on
the mount that is called Olivet.

And all the people would get up early in the
morning to come to Him in the temple to listen
to Him.

Now the Feast of Unleavened Bread, which is
called the Passover, was approaching.

The chief priests and the scribes were seeking
how they might put Him to death; for they were
afraid of the people.

And Satan entered into Judas who was called
Iscariot, belonging to the number of the
twelve.

And he went away and discussed with the chief
priests and officers how he might betray Him
to them.

They were glad and agreed to give him money.

So he consented, and began seeking a good
opportunity to betray Him to them apart from
the crowd.

Then came the first day of Unleavened Bread on
which the Passover lamb had to be sacrificed.

And Jesus sent Peter and John, saying, “Go and
prepare the Passover for us, so that we may
eat it.” They said to Him, “Where do You want
us to prepare it?” And He said to them, “When
you have entered the city, a man will meet you
carrying a pitcher of water; follow him into
the house that he enters.

And you shall say to the owner of the house,
‘The Teacher says to you, “Where is the guest
room in which I may eat the Passover with My
disciples?”’ And he will show you a large,
furnished upper room; prepare it there.” And
they left and found everything just as He had
told them; and they prepared the Passover.

When the hour had come, He reclined at the
table, and the apostles with Him.

And He said to them, “I have earnestly desired
to eat this Passover with you before I suffer;
for I say to you, I shall never again eat it
until it is fulfilled in the kingdom of God.”
And when He had taken a cup and given thanks,
He said, “Take this and share it among
yourselves; for I say to you, I will not drink
of the fruit of the vine from now on until the
kingdom of God comes.” And when He had taken
some bread and given thanks, He broke it and
gave it to them, saying, “This is My body
which is given for you; do this in remembrance
of Me.” And in the same way He took the cup
after they had eaten, saying, “This cup which
is poured out for you is the new covenant in
My blood.

But behold, the hand of the one betraying Me
is with Mine on the table.

For indeed, the Son of Man is going as it has
been determined; but woe to that man by whom
He is betrayed!” And they began to discuss
among themselves which one of them it might be
who was going to do this thing.

And there arose also a dispute among them as
to which one of them was regarded to be
greatest.

And He said to them, “The kings of the
Gentiles lord it over them; and those who have
authority over them are called ‘Benefactors.’
But it is not this way with you, but the one
who is the greatest among you must become like
the youngest, and the leader like the servant.

For who is greater, the one who reclines at
the table or the one who serves?

Is it not the one who reclines at the table?

But I am among you as the one who serves.

“You are those who have stood by Me in My
trials; and just as My Father has granted Me a
kingdom, I grant you that you may eat and
drink at My table in My kingdom, and you will
sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of
Israel.

“Simon, Simon, behold, Satan has demanded
permission to sift you like wheat; but I have
prayed for you, that your faith may not fail;
and you, when once you have turned again,
strengthen your brothers.” But he said to Him,
“Lord, with You I am ready to go both to
prison and to death!” And He said, “I say to
you, Peter, the rooster will not crow today
until you have denied three times that you
know Me.” And He said to them, “When I sent
you out without money belt and bag and
sandals, you did not lack anything, did you?”
They said, “No, nothing.” And He said to them,
“But now, whoever has a money belt is to take
it along, likewise also a bag, and whoever has
no sword is to sell his coat and buy one.

For I tell you that this which is written must
be fulfilled in Me, ‘And He was numbered with
transgressors’; for that which refers to Me
has its fulfillment.” They said, “Lord, look,
here are two swords.” And He said to them, “It
is enough.” And He came out and proceeded as
was His custom to the Mount of Olives; and the
disciples also followed Him.

When He arrived at the place, He said to them,
“Pray that you may not enter into temptation.”
And He withdrew from them about a stone’s
throw, and He knelt down and began to pray,
saying, “Father, if You are willing, remove
this cup from Me; yet not My will, but Yours
be done.” Now an angel from heaven appeared to
Him, strengthening Him.

And being in agony He was praying very
fervently; and His sweat became like drops of
blood, falling down upon the ground.

When He rose from prayer, He came to the
disciples and found them sleeping from sorrow,
and said to them, “Why are you sleeping?

Get up and pray that you may not enter into
temptation.” While He was still speaking,
behold, a crowd came, and the one called
Judas, one of the twelve, was preceding them;
and he approached Jesus to kiss Him.

But Jesus said to him, “Judas, are you
betraying the Son of Man with a kiss?” When
those who were around Him saw what was going
to happen, they said, “Lord, shall we strike
with the sword?” And one of them struck the
slave of the high priest and cut off his right
ear.

But Jesus answered and said, “Stop! No more of
this.” And He touched his ear and healed him.

Then Jesus said to the chief priests and
officers of the temple and elders who had come
against Him, “Have you come out with swords
and clubs as you would against a robber?

While I was with you daily in the temple, you
did not lay hands on Me; but this hour and the
power of darkness are yours.” Having arrested
Him, they led Him away and brought Him to the
house of the high priest; but Peter was
following at a distance.

After they had kindled a fire in the middle of
the courtyard and had sat down together, Peter
was sitting among them.

And a servant-girl, seeing him as he sat in
the firelight and looking intently at him,
said, “This man was with Him too.” But he
denied it, saying, “Woman, I do not know Him.”
A little later, another saw him and said, “You
are one of them too!” But Peter said, “Man, I
am not!” After about an hour had passed,
another man began to insist, saying,
“Certainly this man also was with Him, for he
is a Galilean too.” But Peter said, “Man, I do
not know what you are talking about.”
Immediately, while he was still speaking, a
rooster crowed.

The Lord turned and looked at Peter.

And Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how
He had told him, “Before a rooster crows
today, you will deny Me three times.” And he
went out and wept bitterly.

Now the men who were holding Jesus in custody
were mocking Him and beating Him, and they
blindfolded Him and were asking Him, saying,
“Prophesy, who is the one who hit You?” And
they were saying many other things against
Him, blaspheming.

When it was day, the Council of elders of the
people assembled, both chief priests and
scribes, and they led Him away to their
council chamber, saying, “If You are the
Christ, tell us.” But He said to them, “If I
tell you, you will not believe; and if I ask a
question, you will not answer.

But from now on the Son of Man will be seated
at the right hand of the power of God.” And
they all said, “Are You the Son of God, then?”
And He said to them, “Yes, I am.” Then they
said, “What further need do we have of
testimony?

For we have heard it ourselves from His own
mouth.” Then the whole body of them got up and
brought Him before Pilate.

And they began to accuse Him, saying, “We
found this man misleading our nation and
forbidding to pay taxes to Caesar, and saying
that He Himself is Christ, a King.” So Pilate
asked Him, saying, “Are You the King of the
Jews?” And He answered him and said, “It is as
you say.” Then Pilate said to the chief
priests and the crowds, “I find no guilt in
this man.” But they kept on insisting, saying,
“He stirs up the people, teaching all over
Judea, starting from Galilee even as far as
this place.” When Pilate heard it, he asked
whether the man was a Galilean.

And when he learned that He belonged to
Herod’s jurisdiction, he sent Him to Herod,
who himself also was in Jerusalem at that
time.

Now Herod was very glad when he saw Jesus; for
he had wanted to see Him for a long time,
because he had been hearing about Him and was
hoping to see some sign performed by Him.

And he questioned Him at some length; but He
answered him nothing.

And the chief priests and the scribes were
standing there, accusing Him vehemently.

And Herod with his soldiers, after treating
Him with contempt and mocking Him, dressed Him
in a gorgeous robe and sent Him back to
Pilate.

Now Herod and Pilate became friends with one
another that very day; for before they had
been enemies with each other.

Pilate summoned the chief priests and the
rulers and the people, and said to them, “You
brought this man to me as one who incites the
people to rebellion, and behold, having
examined Him before you, I have found no guilt
in this man regarding the charges which you
make against Him.

No, nor has Herod, for he sent Him back to us;
and behold, nothing deserving death has been
done by Him.

Therefore I will punish Him and release Him.”
[Now he was obliged to release to them at the
feast one prisoner.] But they cried out all
together, saying, “Away with this man, and
release for us Barabbas!” (He was one who had
been thrown into prison for an insurrection
made in the city, and for murder.) Pilate,
wanting to release Jesus, addressed them
again, but they kept on calling out, saying,
“Crucify, crucify Him!” And he said to them
the third time, “Why, what evil has this man
done?

I have found in Him no guilt demanding death;
therefore I will punish Him and release Him.”
But they were insistent, with loud voices
asking that He be crucified.

And their voices began to prevail.

And Pilate pronounced sentence that their
demand be granted.

And he released the man they were asking for
who had been thrown into prison for
insurrection and murder, but he delivered
Jesus to their will.

When they led Him away, they seized a man,
Simon of Cyrene, coming in from the country,
and placed on him the cross to carry behind
Jesus.

And following Him was a large crowd of the
people, and of women who were mourning and
lamenting Him.

But Jesus turning to them said, “Daughters of
Jerusalem, stop weeping for Me, but weep for
yourselves and for your children.

For behold, the days are coming when they will
say, ‘Blessed are the barren, and the wombs
that never bore, and the breasts that never
nursed.’ Then they will begin to say to the
mountains, ‘Fall on us,’ and to the hills,
‘Cover us.’ For if they do these things when
the tree is green, what will happen when it is
dry?” Two others also, who were criminals,
were being led away to be put to death with
Him.

When they came to the place called The Skull,
there they crucified Him and the criminals,
one on the right and the other on the left.

But Jesus was saying, “Father, forgive them;
for they do not know what they are doing.” And
they cast lots, dividing up His garments among
themselves.

And the people stood by, looking on.

And even the rulers were sneering at Him,
saying, “He saved others; let Him save Himself
if this is the Christ of God, His Chosen One.”
The soldiers also mocked Him, coming up to
Him, offering Him sour wine, and saying, “If
You are the King of the Jews, save Yourself!”
Now there was also an inscription above Him,
“THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS.” One of the
criminals who were hanged there was hurling
abuse at Him, saying, “Are You not the Christ?

Save Yourself and us!” But the other answered,
and rebuking him said, “Do you not even fear
God, since you are under the same sentence of
condemnation?

And we indeed are suffering justly, for we are
receiving what we deserve for our deeds; but
this man has done nothing wrong.” And he was
saying, “Jesus, remember me when You come in
Your kingdom!” And He said to him, “Truly I
say to you, today you shall be with Me in
Paradise.” It was now about the sixth hour,
and darkness fell over the whole land until
the ninth hour, because the sun was obscured;
and the veil of the temple was torn in two.

And Jesus, crying out with a loud voice, said,
“Father, into Your hands I commit My spirit.”
Having said this, He breathed His last.

Now when the centurion saw what had happened,
he began praising God, saying, “Certainly this
man was innocent.” And all the crowds who came
together for this spectacle, when they
observed what had happened, began to return,
beating their breasts.

And all His acquaintances and the women who
accompanied Him from Galilee were standing at
a distance, seeing these things.

And a man named Joseph, who was a member of
the Council, a good and righteous man (he had
not consented to their plan and action), a man
from Arimathea, a city of the Jews, who was
waiting for the kingdom of God; this man went
to Pilate and asked for the body of Jesus.

And he took it down and wrapped it in a linen
cloth, and laid Him in a tomb cut into the
rock, where no one had ever lain.

It was the preparation day, and the Sabbath
was about to begin.

Now the women who had come with Him out of
Galilee followed, and saw the tomb and how His
body was laid.

Then they returned and prepared spices and
perfumes.

And on the Sabbath they rested according to
the commandment.

But on the first day of the week, at early
dawn, they came to the tomb bringing the
spices which they had prepared.

And they found the stone rolled away from the
tomb, but when they entered, they did not find
the body of the Lord Jesus.

While they were perplexed about this, behold,
two men suddenly stood near them in dazzling
clothing; and as the women were terrified and
bowed their faces to the ground, the men said
to them, “Why do you seek the living One among
the dead?

He is not here, but He has risen.

Remember how He spoke to you while He was
still in Galilee, saying that the Son of Man
must be delivered into the hands of sinful
men, and be crucified, and the third day rise
again.” And they remembered His words, and
returned from the tomb and reported all these
things to the eleven and to all the rest.

Now they were Mary Magdalene and Joanna and
Mary the mother of James; also the other women
with them were telling these things to the
apostles.

But these words appeared to them as nonsense,
and they would not believe them.

But Peter got up and ran to the tomb; stooping
and looking in, he saw the linen wrappings
only; and he went away to his home, marveling
at what had happened.

And behold, two of them were going that very
day to a village named Emmaus, which was about
seven miles from Jerusalem.

And they were talking with each other about
all these things which had taken place.

While they were talking and discussing, Jesus
Himself approached and began traveling with
them.

But their eyes were prevented from recognizing
Him.

And He said to them, “What are these words
that you are exchanging with one another as
you are walking?” And they stood still,
looking sad.

One of them, named Cleopas, answered and said
to Him, “Are You the only one visiting
Jerusalem and unaware of the things which have
happened here in these days?” And He said to
them, “What things?” And they said to Him,
“The things about Jesus the Nazarene, who was
a prophet mighty in deed and word in the sight
of God and all the people, and how the chief
priests and our rulers delivered Him to the
sentence of death, and crucified Him.

But we were hoping that it was He who was
going to redeem Israel.

Indeed, besides all this, it is the third day
since these things happened.

But also some women among us amazed us.

When they were at the tomb early in the
morning, and did not find His body, they came,
saying that they had also seen a vision of
angels who said that He was alive.

Some of those who were with us went to the
tomb and found it just exactly as the women
also had said; but Him they did not see.” And
He said to them, “O foolish men and slow of
heart to believe in all that the prophets have
spoken! Was it not necessary for the Christ to
suffer these things and to enter into His
glory?” Then beginning with Moses and with all
the prophets, He explained to them the things
concerning Himself in all the Scriptures.

And they approached the village where they
were going, and He acted as though He were
going farther.

But they urged Him, saying, “Stay with us, for
it is getting toward evening, and the day is
now nearly over.” So He went in to stay with
them.

When He had reclined at the table with them,
He took the bread and blessed it, and breaking
it, He began giving it to them.

Then their eyes were opened and they
recognized Him; and He vanished from their
sight.

They said to one another, “Were not our hearts
burning within us while He was speaking to us
on the road, while He was explaining the
Scriptures to us?” And they got up that very
hour and returned to Jerusalem, and found
gathered together the eleven and those who
were with them, saying, “The Lord has really
risen and has appeared to Simon.” They began
to relate their experiences on the road and
how He was recognized by them in the breaking
of the bread.

While they were telling these things, He
Himself stood in their midst and said to them,
“Peace be to you.” But they were startled and
frightened and thought that they were seeing a
spirit.

And He said to them, “Why are you troubled,
and why do doubts arise in your hearts?

See My hands and My feet, that it is I Myself;
touch Me and see, for a spirit does not have
flesh and bones as you see that I have.” And
when He had said this, He showed them His
hands and His feet.

While they still could not believe it because
of their joy and amazement, He said to them,
“Have you anything here to eat?” They gave Him
a piece of a broiled fish; and He took it and
ate it before them.

Now He said to them, “These are My words which
I spoke to you while I was still with you,
that all things which are written about Me in
the Law of Moses and the Prophets and the
Psalms must be fulfilled.” Then He opened
their minds to understand the Scriptures, and
He said to them, “Thus it is written, that the
Christ would suffer and rise again from the
dead the third day, and that repentance for
forgiveness of sins would be proclaimed in His
name to all the nations, beginning from
Jerusalem.

You are witnesses of these things.

And behold, I am sending forth the promise of
My Father upon you; but you are to stay in the
city until you are clothed with power from on
high.” And He led them out as far as Bethany,
and He lifted up His hands and blessed them.

While He was blessing them, He parted from
them and was carried up into heaven.

And they, after worshiping Him, returned to
Jerusalem with great joy, and were continually
in the temple praising God.

(NASB)
#+end_src

**** E (explain)

**** A (apply)

**** R (respond)

Dear Heavenly Father, Almighty Jehovah God,
